A few minutes later, Amicus is flat on his stomach, looking under his bed
as he mumbles something under his breath.

I stand awkwardly off to the side, watching as he sweeps a paw underneath,
as if feeling for something.

               MARCO
               "What are you doing?"

Amicus grunts as he gets to his knees, then stands up, looking up at the
ceiling as he turns in a slow circle.

               AMICUS
               "Looking for whatever Cass might have been
               doing."

               MARCO
               "You know what he was doing?"

               AMICUS
               "I have my suspicions."

               MARCO
               "Which are?"

Amicus stops his turning and looks at me, folding his arms.

               AMICUS
               "Well, I'm not sure, but a recording device
               possibly, or he was just snooping for
               information."

               MARCO
               "Can we just ask Com?"

               AMICUS
               "No, his capabilities are very limited
               despite what his intelligence might suggest.
               He doesn't record our activities specifically
               so we can't spy on each other; rules put in
               place millennia ago."

I sigh and look at the door, still feeling a little shaken up at what had
just happened.

               MARCO
               "Why can't you lock the door, or something?"

Amicus shrugs.

               AMICUS
               "That's something only the emperor can do.
               Again, rules that have been in place for a
               very long time."

               MARCO
               "That doesn't seem safe."

               AMICUS
               "Well, only the most trusted are allowed in
               the palace after all, which tends to only be
               family."

               MARCO
               "Aside from Neferu."

               AMICUS
               "Aside from him, yes."

               MARCO
               "You don't have much freedom for being the
               emperor's son."

               AMICUS
               "You just noticed?"

Amicus huffs and stands in the middle of the room, his arms folded, a deep
frown on his face.

               MARCO
               "He was probably just trying to find out what
               you're planning for the next trial. We know
               some stuff about him already."

               AMICUS
               "Mmh."

Amicus continues to look concerned.

               MARCO
               "What is it?"

               AMICUS
               "I just..."

Amicus lowers his voice.

               AMICUS
               "..worry it might have something to do with
               you. After what he said as he was
               leaving...it's left me uneasy, is all."

Oh yeah, that thing about executing me.

I haven't had time to think about the possibility of someone on the verge
of near-absolute power wanting me dead yet.

               MARCO
               "Do you think he was serious?"

Amicus is quiet for a moment.

               AMICUS
               "No...but obviously I'm not going to assume
               he wasn't. I won't even give him a chance at
               the emperorship now."

I frown.

               MARCO
               "And you were going to before?"

               AMICUS
               "No! I'm just going to make extra sure now."

I'm quiet, deciding to sit on the bed instead.

I don't like that this situation has become a lot more serious than it
already was.

After a moment, Amicus comes to sit next to me, the depression he creates
in the mattress forcing me to lean sideways into him.

He wraps an arm around me.

               AMICUS
               "Don't worry about it at all. He has no
               chance and besides, I wouldn't let him touch
               you."

               MARCO
               "How would you be able to do that if he's the
               emperor though?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, I'm also his older brother. Some
               relationships don't change, even if the
               official ones do."

I stay quiet, unconvinced.

               AMICUS
               "Anyway, it would look awfully bad on his
               record. He just let his anger get the best of
               him. He'll quickly forget about the matter
               with the next trial coming up."

Amicus squeezes me.

               AMICUS
               "And this is all assuming he'd win. He
               won't."

               MARCO
               "That's what you said last time."

               AMICUS
               "And we had an unforeseeable mishap last
               time. There isn't much possibility for one of
               those to happen in this trial."

We sit there a while longer, Amicus rubbing my shoulder with his paw.

Despite my rising anxiety, it's comforting, and before long I'm leaning my
head against his shoulder.

A week later, Amicus and I sit in the gardens, enjoying the cool, fresh
morning air.

               MARCO
               "So, what's your main argument?"

               AMICUS
               "That Adastra has been on a steady rise
               politically and economically since the
               beginning of the *Ad Astra* policy era. Why
               take steps backwards when we're so clearly
               moving in the right direction?"

               MARCO
               "And Cassius?"

               AMICUS
               "That Adastra's decline over the past few
               hundred years is due to that policy. Instead
               of looking outward to the children and other
               siblings, we should instead be looking inward
               to better ourselves."

Amicus scratches his nose.

               AMICUS
               "Well, that's the basics anyway."

               AMICUS
               "Obviously there is much, much more to it."

               MARCO
               "So how are you gonna counter that argument?
               Seems like a pretty good one to me."

               AMICUS
               "If the wheel of your chariot is caught on a
               stone, does that mean the campaign should be
               turned around and ended?"

He looks at me, and I just stare back.

               AMICUS
               "Well, the answer is no; you simply need to
               give it a push."

               MARCO
               "In other words?"

               AMICUS
               "In other words, the downturn over the past
               200 years is simply a stone in the road. Why
               throw away ten millennia of progress due to a
               few centuries of light hardship?"

               AMICUS
               "Besides, it was completely predictable: the
               war with the Khemians and the resulting end
               of diplomatic relations with most of the
               other siblings caused it."

               AMICUS
               "We certainly can't have any leverage in the
               galaxy when the only siblings speaking to us
               are the cats. If we can fix those relations,
               we could be well on our way to prosperity
               again."

               MARCO
               "Well, that and un-stunting your children."

               AMICUS
               "Yes, that too."

               MARCO
               "Which I still can't believe you did."

               AMICUS
               "Again, it wasn't ME. Anyway, that will also
               be part of my argument: upraise the children
               fully as the partial uplift programs are now
               clearly a failure."

               MARCO
               "And end the slavery."

               AMICUS
               "And consider the debts repaid, yes."

               MARCO
               "Debts that didn't exist in the first place,
               sure."

               AMICUS
               "Listen, Marco, I have to use VERY careful
               language so as not to upset the people, not
               to mention the triumvirates. Feelings are
               sensitive at times like these and must be
               considered despite how tedious...or untrue it
               can be."

Amicus is right; the wolves are very sensitive when it comes to their
culture and history.

I'm starting to realize that their hubris is probably their biggest
downfall.

I lean back on the bench, starting to feel a little sweaty under the rising
sun.

               MARCO
               "Isn't that gonna be Cassius's whole thing,
               though? Appeal to their feelings, throw out
               the etiquette, and get straight to the
               point?"

               AMICUS
               "Possibly, but I'm confident my composure and
               consideration will win over the
               triumvirates."

               MARCO
               "You ever considered NOT being so confident,
               maybe preparing for the worst?"

               AMICUS
               "I'm confident that I'm prepared for the
               worst."

I roll my eyes and Amicus glares at me.

               AMICUS
               "I don't understand why you're so insistent
               on projecting yourself onto me. Just because
               *you* aren't sure of yourself doesn't mean
               that *I* should be the same."

I frown.

               MARCO
               "Ouch."

               AMICUS
               "...Sorry. But I strongly believe in what I'm
               doing. How can I ever be an emperor if I'm
               not sure that what I'm doing is right?"

               MARCO
               "Sure...but all I'm saying is that you might
               not always be right, and you need to be
               prepared for that."

               AMICUS
               "Trust me, I'm learning as I go, and after
               the last trial, I'm preparing for
               everything."

               MARCO
               "How are they even going to choose the
               winner? Wouldn't they just pick who they
               agree with most?"

               AMICUS
               "Technically no, they're supposed to choose
               the best performance, the most convincing and
               dramatic."

               MARCO
               "How very Wolven."

               AMICUS
               "Mmh..."

               MARCO
               "So you just have to convince a majority of
               the triumvirates?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, yes, but Cato's vote holds twice the
               power of a triumvirate vote, so I need at
               least either four triumvirates, or two
               triumvirates, plus Cato."

               MARCO
               "And what are Cato's beliefs?"

Amicus shrugs.

               AMICUS
               "He doesn't talk about them much, but again
               it shouldn't matter."

He's certainly right about Cato not talking much about himself.

But that tends to be the way everyone is around here.

I can tell Amicus isn't all that interested in talking about this though,
so I try to think of something else.

               MARCO
               "What started the war with the Khemians, by
               the way?"

               AMICUS
               "Their ambitions got the best of them. They
               began to interact with some of our abandoned
               children, some of which were very close to
               Adastra."

               MARCO
               "Oh, is that illegal, or something?"

               AMICUS
               "Well...technically not if they're abandoned,
               but it's never really happened considering if
               a species is abandoned then that's a signal
               to the other siblings that the race is un-
               upliftable."

               MARCO
               "So they weren't breaking any rules?"

               AMICUS
               "Even if they weren't breaking laws, they
               were clearly provoking us by uplifting races
               just a few hundred light years away from our
               moon. They are an arrogant people."

               MARCO
               "Neferu seems nice, always polite."

Amicus smirks.

               AMICUS
               "Well, that's how they often get their way; a
               facade of niceties to pull you into their
               trap. Either way, the war was a draw despite
               their technical advantage. Wolven tenacity
               beats Khemian tech any day."

Despite Amicus's more progressive views on things, he's not immune to
Wolven hubris either, it seems.

But I'm not in the mood to argue with him about that.

               MARCO
               "You know, Neferu reminds of a culture on
               Earth...the Egyptians. I wonder if they
               uplifted there too?"

Amicus looks down at me, then snorts.

               AMICUS
               "More likely they just share simple
               aesthetics. Your people being uplifted twice
               while having no knowledge of the *Galaxias*
               is impossible. The Khemians rarely abandon
               anyway...actually I don't think they ever
               have. They tend to have the best of luck."

Amicus stretches.

               AMICUS
               "Honestly though, this talk is boring. This
               is my only day off before the trial next
               week. We should be doing something fun."

               MARCO
               "Like what?"

Amicus looks around, then grins.

               AMICUS
               "Want to practice *pugnu* with me?"

               MARCO
               "No."

               AMICUS
               "Aww, come on."

I know Amicus would go easy on me, but I really don't feel like getting
sweaty and exhausted right now.

               MARCO
               "Why don't we just go to the island and have
               a picnic again?"

               AMICUS
               "Oh! Yeah, great idea."

Amicus grins and hops up, already making his way to the beach as he calls
out to Com to get the food ready.

With a sigh, I get up and jog after him toward the Sightseer.

I stand on the beach, hands on my hips as I look out at the sparkling lake,
the breeze that's coming off the water cool and soothing.

Adastra City sparkles in the distance as well, making the tall structures
look like they have a glass, or crystal coating.

I look back at Amicus, the wolf in the process of spreading out a blanket
under the shade of the trees.

               MARCO
               "You sure Cato isn't gonna kick your ass for
               doing this again?"

I see the wolf's ears flick down for a moment.

               AMICUS
               "That was for missing an appointment. I don't
               have any today."

I resist telling Amicus that it was about much more than a missed lesson,
and instead I walk over to help him spread the blanket out more evenly.

               AMICUS
               "Thank you! Now, shall we eat?"

Amicus pulls the cloth off the basket, revealing tightly packed and covered
plates, along with bottles of wine and *virdi*.

This time, the food is a selection of wraps full of meat and cheeses along
with chilled, salted cucumbers.

Amicus splays out in that luxurious Roman way as he pulls his plate of food
up next to his chest, immediately stuffing a whole wrap in his muzzle.

I'm a bit more dainty, instead sitting next to the wolf cross-legged as I
nibble at my own wrap.

We eat in silence for a little while, Amicus gobbling up the majority of
the food like always.

I notice the wolf drinking more wine than he usually does, probably because
it's his day off.

After taking a particularly large swig, he points at my legs.

               AMICUS
               "I don't know how you're comfortable doing
               that; looks like hell on the knees."

               MARCO
               "Well, laying down like you are actually
               hurts my neck. I don't know how you do it for
               so long."

I rub the left side of my neck as I say that, then carefully uncork the
bottle of *virdi*.

               AMICUS
               "Cato's the same way, but he's old."

I take a sip of the cold drink that I've come to really like over the past
few weeks.

               MARCO
               "Speaking of Cato. Who exactly is he? How'd
               he become the acting emperor?"

I try circling us back around to the conversation we'd had earlier, wanting
to know more about the wolf that's apparently ruling all of Adastra right
now.

               AMICUS
               "Oh! Well, he was father's friend since
               childhood. He was the Imperial Legate during
               the Khemian War."

               MARCO
               "Is that an important position?"

               AMICUS
               "It's the highest rank in the military, aside
               from the emperor, of course. He's credited
               with preventing outright defeat."

               MARCO
               "Huh...must be kind of weird for him to have
               Neferu walking around in the palace."

               AMICUS
               "Another reason I wonder why Virginia brought
               him to the palace. Cato's scars aren't just
               physical."

               MARCO
               "Physical?"

               AMICUS
               "I take it you've noticed the visor, yes?
               Well, he lost an eye and part of his skull
               during the war. Eventually, the other eye
               failed as well, and he had to go to our
               parent to have mechanical vision installed."

               AMICUS
               "Anyway, Neferu was born decades after the
               war, so I doubt Cato holds anything against
               him specifically."

               MARCO
               "Is he alright with the alliance thing?"

Knowing this about Cato makes me worry that he might not agree with Amicus
on one of his most controversial policies.

               AMICUS
               "I doubt that, but I think he understands
               it's necessary if we're to begin re-
               establishing relations with the other
               siblings."

               MARCO
               "Hmm..."

I feel my stomach turn a little as I realize we might be disadvantaged in
this trial as well.

               MARCO
               "Amicus...what's going to happen if you lose
               this next trial?"

               AMICUS
               "Again, don't wor—"

               MARCO
               "I know you don't think it can happen, but if
               it DOES...what happens to me?"

Amicus frowns at me, a meat wrap halfway to his face before he sets it back
down.

               AMICUS
               "First of all, I won't have you worrying
               about Cassius's words. What he said was out
               of anger, and besides, I'll have measures in
               place to stop it from ever happening."

               MARCO
               "What measures?"

               AMICUS
               "I'm...not fully sure of that yet, but I will
               have them in place by the time the next trial
               comes...very good measures."

               MARCO
               "And aside from that? What do I do next?"

Amicus thinks.

               AMICUS
               "Like I said before, I'll ensure a way home
               for you. The problem is the illegality of you
               being here. The more people who know about
               it, the more likely a monitor may be alerted
               to what happened."

               AMICUS
               "I need to be very careful about who I let
               know about the situation."

               MARCO
               "Okay..."

I look down at my food, suddenly having lost my appetite.

Amicus sighs, sounding annoyed.

               AMICUS
               "Come on, Marco, this is likely going to be
               your last few weeks here. Stop focusing so
               much on what's unlikely to happen. Let's
               enjoy ourselves a little bit."

The wolf suddenly sits up, brushing the crumbs off his fur before swigging
down more wine.

               AMICUS
               "Come, let's practice combat."

               MARCO
               "What? I said I didn't want to do that."

               AMICUS
               "Well, since you're so worried about Cassius,
               I'll teach you a few tricks to take him
               down."

               MARCO
               "Take him down?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, I don't trust him to keep his paws to
               himself now, so if he ever tries to take
               advantage of you while I'm not around, you
               can at least hold him off long enough to get
               away."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, and that won't make everything worse."

               AMICUS
               "Well, after what happened a few days ago, I
               suppose it can't get much worse."

I slowly get to my feet, straightening out my robes.

               MARCO
               "I'm not so sure about that. Besides, we just
               ate."

Amicus laughs.

               AMICUS
               "It's not like you're Cato. I think I'll be
               able to keep my food and drink down."

               MARCO
               "What about me!?"

               AMICUS
               "I'm not going to hit you or anything."

Amicus squares his stance, standing in the sand off to the side of the
blanket, still in the shade.

I sigh, recognizing that Amicus is in one of those moods where it's hard to
talk him out of doing something.

I walk over to stand in front of the wolf, my arms folded.

               AMICUS
               "And about Cato...I could probably beat him
               in a fair fight. He just caught me by
               surprise that last time."

I pause, then raise an eyebrow.

               MARCO
               "What do you mean?"

               AMICUS
               "I mean he started fighting no holds barred
               without warning. I'd have given him the
               business if I'd known he were going to do
               that."

               MARCO
               "Hey, I don't think of you any less for
               losing a fight...to an old man."

Amicus furrows his brow, the way he does when he's realizing that I'm
teasing him.

               AMICUS
               "I'm serious."

               MARCO
               "So am I. I mean, you almost had me that one
               time in the spaceship. You're a real force to
               be reckoned with."

               AMICUS
               "It's not smart to tease a wolf before a
               fight, human."

               MARCO
               "I'm not teasing."

               AMICUS
               "Mhm, and kicking an unsuspecting man in the
               balls isn't exactly a win in my book."

               MARCO
               "It is in mine."

               AMICUS
               "Clearly. Speaking of which—"

Amicus suddenly steps forward, thrusting his knee up at my crotch.

I can only watch in horror as it comes up fast, stopping just an inch from
my groin.

We both stand there for a moment before I gasp and stumble back, holding my
nuts even though Amicus didn't make contact.

               MARCO
               "What the hell!?"

               AMICUS
               "If you don't want Cassius to hold broken
               bones against you, go for the genitals. That
               should be enough to stun him. This goes for
               anyone else who might try to attack you."

Annoyed, I make as if to do the same to Amicus, but he's already blocking.

               AMICUS
               "Haha! Yes, like that, though try to be a
               little more subtle. You telegraph your moves
               far too much."

I stop struggling with the wolf, breathing heavily.

               MARCO
               "Fine..."

Then, as Amicus starts to drop his guard, I try to swat him in the crotch.

He snatches up my hand immediately.

               AMICUS
               "Ah! Better, Marco, though you should
               probably try something harder than a flowery
               slap."

I try to shove the wolf away, but he steps to the side...and gives me a
shove as well.

I trip over something, and it's not until I'm on my ass that I realize he'd
stuck his foot out behind me.

I look up at Amicus as he stands over me, the expression on his face
showing me that he's trying very hard not to laugh.

               AMICUS
               "Tangle up his feet and you should be able to
               send him to the ground fairly easily. If he
               breaks any of his bones from the fall, then
               at least he can't say you did it
               intentionally."

Amicus reaches down with a paw to help me up.

I take it and he pulls me up easily, almost lifting me off my feet.

               MARCO
               "This is great and all, but I don't see how
               this is gonna help me. I wasn't even the one
               that broke his tail, and he wanted me
               killed."

               AMICUS
               "Again, with me standing in his way, he won't
               ever get the chance to try anything, if he
               even intends to. This is only to give you a
               chance to get away from him."

Amicus brushes the sand off my robes.

               AMICUS
               "Besides, this is useful in any situation,
               not just for Cassi-US!"

Amicus chokes on his last syllable as I ram my shoulder into him, grabbing
at his legs to try and trip him up, kind of like I saw Cato do to him in
the amphitheater.

Obviously, someone as small as me going up against a hulking wolf like
Amicus is bound to fail, but the wolf does stumble back a few steps.

               AMICUS
               "H-hey!"

Amicus chuckles and I feel him let himself fall backwards to the sand.

It reminds me of the last time we'd wrestled on the beach, except now I end
up on top with my fall cushioned by his body, my face bouncing against his
massive chest.

Amicus grins at me.

               AMICUS
               "Oof! Not bad, not bad. With a little more
               force, you might be able to knock down
               someone as small as Cassius."

I pin the wolf down, my hands on his shoulders.

               MARCO
               "Oh please, I knocked you down fair and squ-
               ARE!"

This time, I'm the one to yelp on my last syllable, Amicus easily reversing
our positions as he rolls us both over.

I find myself staring up at the wolf, his massive paws on my shoulders, his
knees spread to either side of my thighs as he's careful not to rest his
weight on top of me.

He grins down at me, chest heaving for breath as his tongue dangles out his
muzzle a bit, the way it sometimes does when he's buzzed, giving his grin a
dopey quality.

He's hunched over me to the point where his tongue almost touches my nose.

Although I try to keep my face in a scowl, I can't stop the smile from
coming through, and pretty soon I'm laughing a little.

I'm about to tell Amicus that this whole thing is hardly fair when he leans
down fully, pressing his lips to mine in a kiss.

I gasp in surprise, but it's through my nose as my mouth is sealed to his.

My eyes are wide, his closed as he presses harder against my lips.

As he'd bent over me, his paws left my shoulders to instead hold my head
steady, one paw against my cheek, the other cupped around my head, his
whole body huddling around my face.

I don't move, not hugging back, but not turning away either.

Instead, I just lay there as I feel my heart skip a beat, the feeling of
the big, strong wolf crouched over me, kissing me, sending a thrill from my
chest down to my crotch.

The wolf's broad, cold nose twitches against mine before a hot huff of
breath escapes it and washes over my face.

At the same time, Amicus suddenly rolls off of me, our lips parting just as
quickly as they'd connected as he flops to the side on his back, mirroring
my spread-eagle position.

We lay there next to each other, my heart hammering as I listen to the wolf
breathing heavily next to me.

Aside from that, the only other sounds are the waves washing up against the
shore a few dozen yards away.

A few minutes pass in silence as I wait for the wolf to say something.

He doesn't, and finally it gets to the point where *I* have to say
something.

               MARCO
               "Soooo..."

               AMICUS
               "Hm?"

Amicus responds instantly with an innocent, inquisitive grunt.

               MARCO
               "Uh...what was that?"

               AMICUS
               "'That'...Oh, the kiss?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah..."

               AMICUS
               "Just thought I owed it to you after Meera. I
               botched it during the performance after all."

The wolf sounds distant, distracted, like he's not paying attention to me.

I finally prop myself up on an elbow, looking directly at Amicus now.

               MARCO
               "Really?"

Like a child, Amicus looks away toward the lake, not saying anything.

I wait a while longer, giving him a chance to respond, a chance he doesn't
take.

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "Talk to me."

               AMICUS
               "What is there to say?"

I frown.

               MARCO
               "A lot. I'm kinda confused honestly."

A big, huffing sigh, then—

               AMICUS
               "I like you, Marco, quite a bit in fact."

               MARCO
               "I know. I like you too."

We'd technically confessed our feelings to each other when Amicus asked me
on that "date", but only technically.

               MARCO
               "Are you drunk?"

               AMICUS
               "...Maybe a little...but I knew what I was
               doing."

More silence.

               MARCO
               "Amicus."

               AMICUS
               "Hm?"

               MARCO
               "Could you look at me?"

Amicus's ears go flat, then he slowly turns his head toward me, but his
eyes are down, looking at my chest rather than my face.

I think about making a "my eyes are up here" joke, but I know it'll fall
flat with him.

               MARCO
               "Listen, we've already sort of talked about
               this. The problem is the situation we're in.
               It makes the whole...dating thing
               impossible."

I see Amicus smile at the word, then frown again.

               AMICUS
               "I know...but if we feel the same, why not be
               a little closer? I know you'll have to leave
               soon, but that doesn't mean we can't enjoy
               the time we have together."

               MARCO
               "Sure...but I think that'll make saying
               goodbye a little harder, don't you?"

               AMICUS
               "Maybe. But we'll find a way to see each
               other again."

What he's saying makes sense, but this whole situation has red flags all
over it.

Having feelings for my abductor in a situation that's completely illegal is
so wrong in so many ways.

Amicus is talking about it like it could be an innocent fling, but this
feels like more than that.

The wolf has the the same dejected look he'd worn when he'd came out to me
a few weeks ago.

So, I reach out a hand and rest it in his paw.

He looks at me then, ears still low, but his expression hopeful.

               MARCO
               "Everything's just so messed up and
               complicated."

               AMICUS
               "Yes...I'm sorry. I shouldn't have kissed
               you."

               MARCO
               "Maybe not..."

I swallow.

               MARCO
               "But I liked it."

Amicus snaps his eyes back up to look at me.

               AMICUS
               "Really?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah."

The wolf lets out a huge sigh of relief.

               AMICUS
               "You didn't kiss back though. It worried me
               that I'd made a mistake once again."

               MARCO
               "I was surprised is all...and what do you
               mean, 'once again'?"

The wolf seems to contemplate something, then turns on his side too,
finally facing me.

               AMICUS
               "About five years ago, I shared my first kiss
               with another male."

               MARCO
               "Oh?"

               AMICUS
               "At the time, there were rumors that
               I'd...performed poorly with a female my
               father had arranged me to be with."

               MARCO
               "Oh."

Amicus's ears turn red.

               AMICUS
               "Anyway, so this male approaches me during
               the summer festival. He was the son of one of
               the triumvirs of Tricelli. He made it very
               clear what he wanted from me."

               AMICUS
               "He kissed me on the balcony while a covert
               drone recorded the exchange. It was broadcast
               on the information channels the next day."

I frown.

               MARCO
               "Why?"

Amicus shrugs, looking down at the sand.

               AMICUS
               "The triumvir had a past grievance with my
               father. He used mine and his own son's sexual
               preferences to get back at him."

               MARCO
               "What happened then?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, father used his power to shut down the
               networks along with banishing the triumvir
               and his family to *Ancoris*."

Amicus nods up at the sky where *Ancoris* looms monolithically in its
faded, chalky gray.

               AMICUS
               "It was an unpopular decision, but father
               felt it had to be done. Obviously it's left
               me a bit worried about kissing...and pursuing
               other men."

I squeeze his paw.

               MARCO
               "Well, you don't have to worry about that
               with me, obviously. I don't know anyone here,
               and I'm trying to stay out of other people's
               business as much as possible."

               AMICUS
               "I know."

Amicus squeezes back.

               AMICUS
               "I'm still sorry though, I should have asked,
               or...not done it."

               MARCO
               "You're fine."

Another stretch of silence, and I get the feeling that Amicus is waiting
for an answer which he confirms with what he says next.

               AMICUS
               "So...if you're fine with it, did you want
               to...date me?"

Amicus says the foreign word very carefully, and for a moment the Lingua
skips a beat in its steady translation, allowing him to speak the word
unfiltered.

It's still his voice, but the heavy accent that comes through is
surprising, even a little sexy.

I know I should say no though, the red flags fluttering ominously around
our precarious, even dangerous situation.

               MARCO
               "I'll...think about it over the next few
               days, then let you know."

Amicus smiles a little.

               AMICUS
               "Okay."

               MARCO
               "But you need to be focusing on the trial, so
               no thinking about this while I'm deciding."

               AMICUS
               "Of course!"

I groan inwardly as I realize I've just added another distraction to the
wolf's goal of becoming emperor.

               MARCO
               "You promise this won't distract you?"

               AMICUS
               "Definitely not!"

I give the wolf a look of disbelief and he responds with a glare.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, I've wanted this my entire life. I
               know it might not have seemed like it
               earlier, but I'm taking this very, very
               seriously."

               MARCO
               "And I won't be a distraction?"

               AMICUS
               "Of course not, in fact I think it would be
               rather positive for me to know that
               you...return my feelings to some degree. It
               gives me even more confidence."

               MARCO
               "Oh God, no..."

               AMICUS
               "Hey."

Amicus sets a paw on my shoulder and it looks like he wants to lean in and
kiss me again...but he doesn't.

               AMICUS
               "Thank you for understanding and for putting
               up with me. I have a good feeling
               about...well, everything now."

I don't know how much I agree considering our situation is causing us so
many problems, but I set my hand on his paw anyway.

               MARCO
               "Sure."

Our relationship after that conversation is...strange, to say the least.

While it felt meaningful at the time, I realize later that we didn't really
get anywhere except once again admit to the feelings we'd been having over
the past few weeks.

Amicus is extra careful about touching me now, probably because he doesn't
want me to misconstrue it for something more than it is.

At the same time, our conversations have become less casual and joking,
more stiff and awkward.

I hate it.

In any other situation, I'd want to just sit down and talk my feelings out
with the person...but Amicus is different.

First of all, he's an alien, and having the feelings that I do for an
alien, a wolf alien at that, is weird.

Secondly, this relationship, this closeness...it's just not important in
the grand scheme of things.

We're currently doing something so illegal that, if it were to be found
out, it could bring the entire empire to a stand-still...at least more than
it already is.

So instead of playing out one of the cheesy, wolven romance dramas I've
seen on Adastran television, maybe instead I should be focusing on how the
hell I'm going to exist in this empire, especially if the second trial
falls through.

But...

Amicus wants a relationship with me, that much he's made clear.

I just wonder if it truly would help him like he says it will, or if he's
just saying that so I'll give him what he wants.

I don't doubt that the wolf likes me...maybe even more than that, but we've
only known each other for about a month.

Do we really even know anything about each other?

Despite all of this, and after a few days of thinking about it, I start to
warm up to the idea.

We both know it'll be short, an "innocent fling" like I'd thought of it
earlier.

I could be leaving for Earth any time in the next month, but...

I can't deny that I really like him too.

An innocent fling.

The more I say that in my head, the better it sounds.

Despite everything, knowing that I could have a relationship with an alien,
the son of an emperor...actually, someone who will likely become the
emperor...that's kinda cool.

Besides, he did say it would help him with his confidence for the trial.

And finally, I'm tired of this awkwardness between us.

Amicus is my friend, and I want to be able to talk normally with him again.

I'm pretty sure making things official will clear everything up.

I just have to go about doing it the right way....

The day before the trial, Amicus shoos me and Alex out into the gardens.

It's strange, but he tells us that they need to be tended to considering
that the camera drones are going to sweep over the grounds for an opening
shot before the second trial begins.

It's the first time he's ever really asked me to do a task, and when I
point that out to him, he says that he also needs time alone to practice
his speech.

That makes sense, but it's still a little odd.

Alex and I stand in the gardens, picking at the weeds just like I had on my
first day at the palace.

It's hard to believe a month's gone by, even with the nineteen hour days.

I guess it's been about three weeks in Earth time.

I get to work pulling up the small white flowers, the ones that seem to
grow in every crevice of the garden.

               MARCO
               "You'd think the drones would be smart enough
               to take care of the weeds themselves."

               ALEXIOS
               "Well, they don't have appendages to pull
               with. All they could really do is use their
               high-powered lasers, but that risks starting
               fires."

               MARCO
               "The drones have lasers?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Oh yes, they need some form of a defense
               mechanism."

               MARCO
               "Huh..."

               ALEXIOS
               "I mean, it's not like they'd ever use it on
               you. Even if they did, it's not enough to
               kill you, at least not quickly. Just leaves
               nasty burns."

I find myself continuing to glance up at an Adastran spider sitting
motionlessly on the wall of the palace.

               MARCO
               "Wish they'd use them on those hideous
               things."

It takes Alex a moment to see what I'm looking at.

               ALEXIOS
               "Oh, Marco, you know those are important for
               the—"

               MARCO
               "—Ecosystem, yeah, I know. Doesn't make them
               any less disgusting. Imagine one of those
               things biting you."

               ALEXIOS
               "Indeed, though honestly I've been vaccinated
               so many times after coming to Adastra that
               sharp, pointy things don't scare me so much
               anymore."

We work quietly for a few more minutes, Alex lazily humming as I try to
think of a way to bring something up that I've wanted to talk about with
the cat.

               MARCO
               "Soo..."

               ALEXIOS
               "So?"

I watch as Alex's paws work fast, plucking the weeds with speed and
precision.

               MARCO
               "What's your relationship with Cassius like?"

I see Alex's paws freeze for a moment, then quickly return to their work,
the dirty pile of weeds next to him growing larger and larger on the marble
floor.

               ALEXIOS
               "Our relationship? You already know that,
               Marco. I'm his pet! Just like you are
               Amicus's pet."

He smiles at me.

At this point, I decide to stop letting the cat play his little game with
me.

I give him a look that says "oh, come on" and I see his ears fall a bit.

               ALEXIOS
               "What?"

               MARCO
               "You know exactly what. I think it's pretty
               obvious the two of you are...I dunno,
               something more."

This is the first time I've called the cat out on his polite-pet-facade,
and I see that it's thrown him off a bit.

His ears are down and he's staring hard at his paws, pushing through the
weeds, though he's no longer plucking them.

               ALEXIOS
               "That's...such a forward question, Marco."

I wonder if his demeanor just has to do with his cat modesty, or if there
are actual laws against pet-master relationships.

               MARCO
               "Come on, we're friends...besides, I want
               some advice."

Now his ears perk up a little bit.

               ALEXIOS
               "Oh? With what?"

               MARCO
               "Well, first I wanna know if...you know,
               something's going on between you and Cassius,
               then I'll know if you can answer."

Alex sighs huffily and sits back on his rear, looking a bit childish with
his legs and feet splayed out in front of himself.

               ALEXIOS
               "I don't know why it matters."

               MARCO
               "Well, I don't know how things are on Omorfa,
               but where I'm from, friends talk about their
               relationships with each other. It's actually
               strange NOT to tell your friend about who
               you're in a relationship with."

Though his ears are folded down, I can see how red they are

               ALEXIOS
               "We're...not in an official relationship. But
               there are...feelings between us, yes."

               MARCO
               "Really?"

Alex snaps his gaze to mine.

               ALEXIOS
               "Why do you sound so surprised?"

I'm not surprised just...fascinated.

               MARCO
               "I'm not! You two are just
               really...different."

               ALEXIOS
               "How so?"

               MARCO
               "I mean, do I have to explain it?"

Alex is quiet.

               MARCO
               "Well, you're so reserved and quiet and he's
               so..."

Now that I know Alex actually likes Cassius, I don't wanna be too
offensive.

               MARCO
               "...Cassius."

Alex sighs.

               ALEXIOS
               "Yes, Cassius is very *Cassius*, but there's
               a lot more to him than what he puts out in
               public."

               MARCO
               "So...you like him?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Parts of him, yes."

Alex has lowered his voice to the point where I almost can't hear him, so I
do the same.

               MARCO
               "So are you in like, a relationship? I don't
               know what they're called on Adastra."

Alex bristles.

               ALEXIOS
               "Well, It is simply called a relationship.
               The only official status is marriage, but
               that's only between males and females."

               MARCO
               "What about between males?"

               ALEXIOS
               "There is none. Why are you so curious?"

Alex looks at me carefully, eyes narrowed.

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "Just wondering. I like to learn about the
               culture I'm in."

               ALEXIOS
               "I see...are you interested in Amicus?"

Now it's my turn to blush.

               MARCO
               "I—no."

               ALEXIOS
               "Marco, you can tell me. I thought we were
               friends?"

I get the feeling that Alex is a lot better than me at these "games".

               MARCO
               "I...I don't know honestly, but I guess I was
               wondering how I'd go about it if I decided
               to..."

               ALEXIOS
               "Awww, that's adorable!"

All I can do in response is blush a deeper shade of red.

               ALEXIOS
               "So you're asking how to tell a wolf that
               you're interested?"

               MARCO
               "...Yeah."

               ALEXIOS
               "Well, between males, it usually happens
               naturally, without saying so. If you haven't
               noticed, there's a stigma against same-sex
               relationships on Adastra."

               ALEXIOS
               "Leaving the status of a relationship unsaid
               makes it less likely that you'll be found
               out."

I think for a moment.

Amicus seemed to want me to make the relationship "official".

I guess he's just going by my standards, then.

He probably wants me to ask him to date me, Earth-style.

Alex goes back to plucking some of the weeds.

               ALEXIOS
               "However, I feel that things are changing,
               though very slowly. Honestly, someone like
               Amicus becoming emperor would be really
               something."

I'm about to ask Alex how prominent the rumors are about Amicus when I
suddenly hear footsteps.

I look up, half-expecting to see the wolf, but instead...

Cato simply stares at us, his paws behind his back as usual.

A moment of silence goes by before Alex suddenly stumbles to his feet, paws
clasped in front of himself before bowing low.

I quickly follow suit, a few seconds behind the cat.

As I bow, I notice how dirty my robe is at the knees.

Alex remains bowed so I do the same, listening as Cato's footsteps come
closer.

He stops a few feet away, and I can see his worn, blunt claws at the top of
my vision.

He stands there for a very long time, not saying anything, forcing me and
Alex to remain stooped.

As my back starts to ache, I realize that he must be doing this on purpose.

Are we in trouble for something?

Finally he speaks, and I almost jump.

               CATO
               "Alexios, Marco, how are you this afternoon?"

Alex straightens up and I do the same, stifling my groan of relief.

If Alex is sore, he's not showing it at all as he fixes a smile on his
face.

               ALEXIOS
               "Wonderful, Your Imperial Majesty. I hope the
               same is for you?"

I open my mouth, trying to think of something to say, though Alex didn't
leave me much room to do so.

That doesn't seem to matter though, as Cato starts speaking, reminding me
that I'm still supposed to be a near-mute primitive.

               CATO
               "Sadly no, Alexios. I was just in the city
               today, and I was hearing some unfortunate
               rumors amongst the officials."

Another long pause.

               ALEXIOS
               "O-oh?"

The corner of Cato's mouth twitches and while I usually have a hard time
knowing what the old wolf is thinking, I can tell that right now he's not
happy.

               CATO
               "Indeed. Rumors about Cassius and his
               intentions involving the Triumvirates if he
               becomes emperor."

It takes me a moment to know what they're talking about, then I remember...

               ALEXIOS
               "The Triumvirates? I wonder why?"

Alex puts on a very innocent, confused look, even though I know that he
knows what this is about.

               CATO
               "I wonder as well, which is why I'm curious
               to know if either of you have heard the
               rumor, or possibly the source of the rumor?"

Immediately, I feel sweat starting to break out on my forehead, and I'm
glad that I'm already sweating from the heat.

               ALEXIOS
               "I am sorry to say that I do not know, Your
               Imperial Majesty."

Another moment of silence goes by, and that's when I notice that Cato's
waiting for me to answer.

I choke on my words for a moment, adjusting my brain to "dumb ape" mode.

               MARCO
               "Uhhhh...what is trimvirites?"

Cato's mouth twitches again.

               CATO
               "Anyway, I'm on my way to Cassius's room to
               let him know the news. Please accompany me,
               Alexios."

               ALEXIOS
               "Yes, Emperor."

Alex quickly hops to attention as Cato turns with a twirl of his robes,
heading back up the path as Alex quickly follows.

I'm left to stand there alone for a moment, watching the two of them
disappear amongst the bushes.

So...someone had told some of the officials about Cassius's plans to
eliminate the triumvirates.

Despite Alex's innocent act, I assume it had to be him.

Either that, or it was Virginia.

I wonder if Cato is already suspicions about Alex and, if that's the case,
if it could all come back to me.

I hope not.

The idea of playing politics amongst these passive-aggressive wolves is not
at all appealing.

I spend a few more hours weeding the gardens on my own, knowing that I
won't be able to make much progress alone.

After a while, I meander around the gardens a bit, wanting to go back
inside, but not really wanting to bother Amicus while he studies.

While I'm doing that though, I think more and more about what Alex and I
had been talking about.

Should I just confess my feelings to Amicus, and close the awkward gap
between us?

I know it's weighing on his mind.

Maybe asking him out will give him that boost that he needs to win?

Maybe I'm just trying to convince myself, but I realize that it is
something that I want to do.

And if I'm going to do it, it's probably best to do it before the trial, to
set his mind at ease.

Carefully, I pick a few flowers from the gardens, not making the giant
bouquet that Amicus had made for his own proposal, but enough to look nice,
at least in my opinion.

As I walk to the the wolf's room, I have enough time to second-guess
myself.

Maybe this isn't such a good idea...

My heart is hammering in my chest as I approach the wolf's door, and I'm
sure my face is bright red.

I try to keep my breathing under control as I stand in front of the door.

What should I say?

Maybe just imitate what the wolf did back when he asked me out?

Yeah, that'll be funny and cute, right?

As I start to feel myself getting cold feet, I just reach up to the panel,
pressing it, deciding to just throw myself into this.

The scene that I come upon is probably the last one I would have ever
expected.

At first, I think the two of them are fighting.

Neferu and Amicus obviously have some kind of tension going on between
them, so seeing the jackal splayed out on the bed while Amicus growled and
snarled above him, pinning him down...

...well, a fight is all that would come to my mind.

But, after a few more seconds of staring open-mouthed at the scene in front
of me, I slowly realize what's actually happening.

While Amicus might be snarling, Neferu is letting out grunts and groans
that are clearly full of pleasure

His face and body say it all too, the jackal writhing and twisting under
the wolf, pawing at him as he says words that don't translate through the
Lingua.

If that isn't enough to tell me exactly what's going on, then the jackal's
slick, pink cock bouncing against his tightened abs is.

I guess the sounds they're making covered up the sound of the door opening,
because neither of them look up.

Instead, they both continue to go at it while I stare in shock.

A part of me doesn't want to make any sudden movements so as not to attract
their attention while the other part of me just stares in fascination,
never having seen anything like this before.

A few times, Neferu tries to reach up and touch Amicus's face and each time
the wolf bats it away, or pins the paw down.

Amicus seems irritated almost, like he's more annoyed about the situation
than anything else.

Neferu is practically the opposite, somehow maintaining that trademark
smirk of his while this is all going down.

And then, of all the moments for me to walk in on their little session,
they seem to reach their peak.

Neferu lets out a series of short moans, a strange sound coming from
someone as refined and reserved as he is.

I can see the results as it splatters against his torso and muzzle, his
hips jerking frantically as his face morphs into a look of strained
pleasure.

Meanwhile, Amicus's moan is long and deep as he thrusts harder into the
jackal, freezing up before practically melting over the other canine.

His expression is a lot more goofy, and despite myself, I find myself
thinking that this is exactly how I'd imagine his orgasm face.

I just sort of take this all in, still trying to understand what the hell
is going on.

I mean, I know what's going on, but I don't know why.

There's a certain amount of horror that goes with my reaction, as if I'd
just walked in on my parents doing it.

I guess I'm at least glad that I'm seeing it at this angle, which means I
can't see what's going going on under Neferu's hips.

I realize then that I need to get the hell out before they see me.

As they both gasp in their sticky mess, I slowly start to back out, but
that's when the door automatically closes behind me.

Now that things are quiet, nothing covers up that sound, and Neferu and
Amicus look up at me as one.

I stand there, feeling as if I'm in a dream as they both stare at me.

I must look like an idiot; my robe dirty from the gardens, flowers dangling
from my right hand, my mouth hanging open in fascinated horror.

Amicus looks most shocked of all though, and I can see a million thoughts
running through his head, clearly not having wanted me to see this.

His reasons for sending me and Alex out to do menial yard work is very
clear now.

Neferu, for his part, isn't wearing his usual, suave smirk.

Instead, it's surprised and maybe even a little guilty, like not even he
wanted me to see this.

I open my mouth.

               MARCO
               "I—"

But then any will to smooth over the situation somehow, make a joke of it
even, leaves me.

With both their eyes on me, I turn and almost run into the door, having to
drop the flowers on the ground to press the panel.

Somehow, I feel even worse than I had when I'd left the throne room in
disgrace after the dance.

The door slides open and the next thing I know, I'm jogging out into the
hall.

As I do, I hear Amicus struggling for words.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, w-wait!"

There's some rustling sounds, followed by a yelp from Neferu before the
door slides shut and the only sounds are my echoing footsteps.

I'm not sure where I'm going, I just know that I need to get as far as I
can from that...*situation*.

What I just saw is only now sinking in, and so is the hurt.

What the fuck?

That fucking wolf tells me he's in love with me...or at least interested in
me, and the next thing I know he's fucking that jackal?

What the FUCK!?

I guess I'm more angry than hurt.

I must have looked like such an idiot standing there while one of them was
getting railed.

And to walk in on THAT moment.

Neferu had been so clearly into it, and Amicus looked so mean and
aggressive.

The whole thing was just awful.

Well...awful to walk in on unexpectedly.

In another context...

My vision blurs for a moment, but I refuse to let myself cry over something
that wasn't even going to be serious.

I was going to offer Amicus that stupid "fling", and that was it.

He wasn't obligated to have eyes only for me.

In fact, I KNEW he was into Neferu, we'd already discussed it.

So this is fine, this was expected.

Actually, I wasn't even expecting anything.

No, the reason I'm so embarrassed and feel like shit right now is because I
walked in on two alien dogs butt-fucking.

That was weird and messed up, and I just need to collect my thoughts for a
moment...

That's when I realize that I don't really know where I am in the palace.

Most of the hallways look the same, and this one is no exception, though I
know I'm deeper in than I've been before.

               AMICUS
               "Marco!"

Amicus's footsteps pound against the floor behind me.

I don't know how far away he is considering the echoing halls can be
deceptive, but I immediately take a right through a particularly large set
of double doors.

The room I walk into is full of smells, good ones, like a garden.

The air is cool and fresh even as afternoon light pours in from an opening
in the ceiling.

All the while, there's the sound of a soft trickling of water from a small
fountain in the center of the room.

I stand there for a moment, eyes scanning for anyone else that might be
here.

When I don't see anyone, I move closer to the center of the room, looking
around at the flowers and plants as I try to calm my hammering heart.

I know Amicus is probably going to find me soon, all he has to do is ask
Com.

So I fold my arms, trying to look casual, realizing now that it would have
just been better for me to hang out in the hall, maybe laugh when Amicus
came out.

I'd have made a joke and acted like it wasn't a big deal...but it's way too
late for that now.

Sure enough, the door slides open and Amicus stumbles in in his underwear,
his fur completely mussed up, chest heaving for breath.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, I—I need to talk...about..."

He doubles over, paws on his knees as he gasps in his air.

I cringe as I see my flowers clutched in one of his paws.

But I still try to look casual, keeping my arms folded.

               MARCO
               "What?"

               AMICUS
               "About...what you just saw."

               MARCO
               "Don't worry about it."

I shrug before busying myself with brushing off my robes so they don't look
so dirty.

               AMICUS
               "No, I want to explain what...what happened."

               MARCO
               "You don't need to explain it. It's none of
               my business."

               AMICUS
               "Well, it is."

               MARCO
               "It's definitely not!"

I snap at the wolf.

               MARCO
               "Who you fuck is none of my business! That's
               all up to you. Don't let me tell you who you
               can and can't be with."

Amicus frowns deeply at me.

               AMICUS
               "What?"

               MARCO
               "You heard me. I don't wanna hear about it.
               I'm not here for this shit anyway."

               AMICUS
               "Here for what?"

               MARCO
               "For—"

I throw my hands up in frustration.

               MARCO
               "What just happened. For sex, or love, or
               whatever the hell it is you guys do. Whatever
               it is you told me you wanted on the island."

I point at the flowers in his paw.

               MARCO
               "I'm just trying to get home."

I feel my eyes threatening to water up again, and I stubbornly swallow that
down right quick.

               AMICUS
               "No! That's not what that was! *Please*, let
               me explain."

I shake my head.

               MARCO
               "You guys have sex, it's not a big deal, I
               get it. Humans can be like that too."

Amicus takes a step forward, but I take one back.

               MARCO
               "I guess it's just a little fucked up that
               you confessed your feelings two days ago, and
               then suddenly you're just fucking another
               guy."

This is all so ridiculous.

Not only the situation I'm in, but the fact that I feel so hurt by the
wolf, even though nothing has really happened between us except an alcohol-
fueled kiss.

Amicus takes another step forward, his paws up, staring wide-eyed at me.

               AMICUS
               "That's not what happened, and if you'll let
               me explain..."

               MARCO
               "Then what did I just see?"

               AMICUS
               "What you saw...it was...more of a
               transaction than anything."

               MARCO
               "What, of cum?"

Amicus chokes in surprise.

               AMICUS
               "Well...yes, I guess, but I made a deal with
               the Khemian."

               MARCO
               "What deal?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, I'm sure you remember our problems
               with Cassius?"

               MARCO
               "About him wanting to murder me?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, that problem."

               MARCO
               "What about it?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, I did say it wasn't something you
               should worry about, but like I also said, I'm
               taking all precautions."

               MARCO
               "Yeah?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes. So..."

The wolf pauses.

               MARCO
               "What?"

               AMICUS
               "I realize now that I should have consulted
               you on this, but it was my only immediate
               option..."

               MARCO
               "What option?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, while Cassius might be willing to
               execute MY pet, he wouldn't dare touch the
               pet of a Khemian."

               MARCO
               "What?"

The wolf rubs behind his neck with one paw and speaks very quickly.

               AMICUS
               "If I were to lose the second trial, I made
               it so that your ownership would transfer to
               Neferu. You'd become his pet."

I stare at the wolf.

               AMICUS
               "This would ensure that Cassius would not
               dare come after you. If he did, it might
               upset the very delicate relations we have
               with the Khemians."

A moment of silence passes.

               MARCO
               "So I'd become Neferu's pet?"

               AMICUS
               "If I somehow lose the trial, yes."

I stare at the wolf.

               AMICUS
               "Are you okay with that?"

               MARCO
               "Amicus..."

Again with him doing things without even telling me.

No conversation, no warning...no consideration.

After all this time, he still doesn't see me as an equal.

Amicus sees my expression change and quickly jumps in again.

               AMICUS
               "It's the best alternative, mainly because
               the Khemians likely use their own stretch.
               Neferu would be able to get you home if he
               had to."

               MARCO
               "So to pay him..."

               AMICUS
               "He wanted sex and ONLY seemed interested in
               that, yes. Trust me, I took no emotional
               pleasure in it."

I'm quiet.

               AMICUS
               "Don't worry though, I made sure the contract
               we agreed to ensures that you will not have
               to be involved in anything like that. In
               fact, you'd almost be treated like a
               Pharaoh."

Amicus grins proudly.

I stare at the wolf for a while, suddenly feeling numb.

               AMICUS
               "Are you feeling better?"

His voice takes on a serious tone as he reaches out and pushes a thumb pad
across my cheek.

The action is intimate, and I turn my head away.

We stand awkwardly for a moment, then Amicus holds up the flowers.

               AMICUS
               "Er...you dropped these."

I shake my head.

               MARCO
               "They were for you."

Amicus winces.

               AMICUS
               "I thought so...were you going to ask me..."

I feel my face getting hot.

               MARCO
               "Yeah, but now—"

I'm suddenly enveloped in a very tight hug.

               AMICUS
               "Gods, that was the absolute worst moment for
               you to walk in. I'm sorry."

I stand there limp, just letting the wolf hug me.

Finally, Amicus steps back, holding the slightly-wilting flowers as he
stares at them.

               AMICUS
               "I hope after...that...you're still
               considering?"

I sigh and shake my head to which Amicus's ears fall.

               MARCO
               "I'm just a stupid primate to you, aren't I?"

               AMICUS
               "What?"

               MARCO
               "I told you before to just *talk* to me if
               you're planning something that involves
               me...why couldn't you have at least given me
               a warning? Especially for something like
               *this*."

               AMICUS
               "I—I..."

               MARCO
               "You what?"

               AMICUS
               "It was sudden and...I thought the idea might
               hurt you after what happened on the island."

               MARCO
               "No shit. So you went behind my back? I know
               sometimes you don't...well, you don't even
               think, but you *knew* this would hurt?"

               AMICUS
               "No! I've been so busy! Not to mention
               negotiating these things is complicated. I'm
               just trying to do what's best for you."

               MARCO
               "Without really thinking about me, or how I
               might feel about any of this."

               AMICUS
               "I'm always thinking about you! Every damn
               hour of the day, and this is on top of the
               trials! Believe it or not, Marco, I'm
               stretched a bit thin, and it would be helpful
               if you could work with me—"

               MARCO
               "Work with you how? Let you manipulate me
               into becoming your boyfriend, then watch you
               fuck another guy so I can become HIS slave
               instead? I've been pretending, but now it
               could actually become official!"

I can't stop the words from spilling out of my mouth, wanting to hurt the
wolf just as much as he hurt me.

               AMICUS
               "Manipu—"

The wolf stares at me.

Then, Amicus's hackles rise, but instead of instilling any sort of fear in
me like it normally would, I feel satisfaction.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, I will not have you accusing me of
               such a thing. I was more honest with you on
               the island than I have been with anyone in
               YEARS."

               MARCO
               "But not about what just happened with
               Neferu."

               AMICUS
               "What, you think I owe you celibacy? We're
               not 'dating', and you refuse to do *anything*
               with me! It may come as a surprise to you,
               but even in times like these, I have needs."

               MARCO
               "So you did want it."

Amicus looks about ready to explode and, for a moment, he just stands there
in silence, practically shaking.

He opens his mouth, and instead of the shouting I expect, it's almost a
whisper.

               AMICUS
               "I may not know how these things work on
               Earth, but YOU know how they work on Adastra.
               You said yourself that these matters are
               casual. What happened with the jackal means
               nothing to me. You mean so *much* to me,
               which is why I did it to keep you safe!"

I shake my head.

While seeing what happened in the bedroom hurt, it's really only the tip of
the iceberg with what's wrong with all of this.

               MARCO
               "If you actually cared about me, you'd care
               about what I want. You keep telling me how
               smart I am, but here we are again with you
               doing stuff without any of my input because
               you think I'm too stupid to understand."

               AMICUS
               "No—"

               MARCO
               "You know, you wolves are all the same. We're
               all just stupid barbarians to you. You don't
               treat me as an equal, you look down on me,
               and why the fuck would I want to be with
               someone like that?"

               AMICUS
               "That is not even—"

               MARCO
               "Just win your stupid trial and send me home.
               If you don't, just blast my stupid ape-ass
               off into space. I don't wanna be here
               anymore."

I turn, heading for the door.

               AMICUS
               "Wait, *Please*—"

Whatever he was going to say suddenly cuts off as I hear a loud thud.

I don't look back to see what he kicked or punched.

Instead, I head out into the hall, not sure at all of where I'm going.

I just know that I hate everything about what just happened.

For a while, I just wander.

I end up pacing the halls of the palace before going outside to sit in the
gardens.

I don't see anyone.

It's weirdly calm outside, especially considering that the emperor could be
decided tomorrow.

I wonder how things are in the city, in the rest of the empire.

I look out toward the faint city skyline, glinting gently in the afternoon
light.

Amicus doesn't come after me.

Should he?

I'd said such horrible things to him.

But even now, I feel like I had to say them.

I'm tired of being treated like an actual pet, and now that I might
actually become one...

Still...I kind of wish he did come after me again.

I do believe that he was only trying to protect me, that he thought what he
was doing was the only way to do that.

But after everything on the beach, after I've already told him to just keep
me in the loop...

Honestly, if he'd asked me about it first, even just told me about it, I'd
probably have been okay with it.

Sure...maybe a little jealous, but okay.

I realize that a lot of this anger is because I just feel betrayed, and I
feel that way because I really, really like Amicus.

I'd expected him to treat me better after everything...

The late afternoon heat is making me sweat, but instead of going inside, I
just move under some shade.

After a while, I lay back on the bench I'm sitting on, drifting off to
sleep.

When I wake up, it takes me a while to realize where I am.

I stare at the flowers and leaves, gently lit up by the garden lights,
until I remember that I'd fallen asleep there.

Groggily, I call out for Com and according to him, I've only been out for
about two hours, but the sun here always moves fast across the sky.

I brush a few leaves off my robes as I get up and walk toward the palace,
realizing at this point that I can't exactly avoid going back to Amicus's
room forever.

At least it'll force us to talk about things after we've cooled down.

...At least, I hope he's cooled down.

My pace starts to slow as I get closer to his bedroom, unsure what to say
after everything that happened.

I decide I'm going to apologize, but also expect an apology from him as
well.

We both made mistakes, but we could get past this if we talked it out...

Dinner is still sitting next to the door on its cart, untouched.

I pause, my hand hovering over the panel, remembering what I saw the last
time I opened this door.

Shuddering, I steel myself and press it.

The room's empty.

No wolf in sight.

Cold air creeps out of the room, chilling my bare calves as I continue to
stand in the hallway.

I realize then that I was holding in my breath and I let it out slowly.

I look up and down the hall in case I might see Amicus, but as always, it's
empty.

With a soft sigh, I slowly walk in toward the bed before changing direction
to sit on the sofa instead.

Com had told me that it was the eighteenth hour, which means Amicus should
be getting ready for bed by now, a schedule he follows almost religiously.

Maybe he's getting ready for the trial somehow?

That would be good, but I'm also getting the uncomfortable feeling that
he's just avoiding me.

That would be bad, because despite what happened, he shouldn't be thinking
at all about me.

He could be the emperor tomorrow.

So I sit there, hugging a pillow, waiting.

After a while, I grab the food from the hallway and manage to eat a little
bit.

I wonder if I should save some for Amicus, but decide that he'd be able to
get his own food from the kitchens instead of these cold leftovers if he
ends up returning.

So I send the rest back with the drones and continue waiting.

After a few more hours, Amicus still doesn't come back, and I end up laying
down on the sofa, waiting to fall asleep...

The sound of the door opening jolts me awake, and I quickly sit up, turning
to look.

               MARCO
               "Amicus?"

I stare at the jackal for a moment, feeling a sudden surge of anger in my
chest.

               NEFERU
               "Hello, Marco. Are you not coming to the
               trial?"

I look around.

               MARCO
               "What time is it?"

               NEFERU
               "The seventh hour, which means the trial
               starts in less than an hour."

               MARCO
               "Where's Amicus?"

               NEFERU
               "Preparing for the trial."

               MARCO
               "He...hasn't been back all night."

               NEFERU
               "He was meditating most of the night."

               MARCO
               "All night?"

               NEFERU
               "Indeed."

I frown at the jackal.

               MARCO
               "What do you want?"

Neferu walks further into the room slowly before stopping in the middle, a
good fifteen feet away.

               NEFERU
               "To escort you to the trial, if you'd
               like...and to also talk."

               MARCO
               "About what?"

               NEFERU
               "I've already told you that you don't need to
               play stupid with me, Marco."

I sit up straight, turning to face the jackal more directly.

               MARCO
               "I'm not, I'm just wondering why the fuck you
               have the nerve to show up here after taking
               advantage of Amicus like that."

               NEFERU
               "Wha—"

I don't think I've ever seen Neferu caught off-guard, so the sight is kind
of funny.

I smirk.

               NEFERU
               "Well...that's certainly a way to look at
               it."

               MARCO
               "What other way is there to look at it?"

               NEFERU
               "Plenty, if you'll let me explain."

I sit back on the sofa, crossing my arms.

               MARCO
               "Amicus already explained. I become your pet
               to protect me from Cassius and in exchange
               for that, you made him fuck you in the ass."

Again, the jackal looks shocked, then he laughs, the sound high and soft.

               NEFERU
               "Hahaha...oh dear, there are many ways to
               look at this, aren't there?"

His suddenly cheerful mood irritates me.

               MARCO
               "Listen, I honestly don't want any part of
               this..."

               NEFERU
               "Yes, but you are already a part of it,
               whether you want to be or not, so
               please...allow me to explain some things."

I don't say anything, keeping my arms folded, my expression bored.

The jackal seems to take that as his cue to continue.

               NEFERU
               "Amicus approached me about this deal a week
               ago, shortly after the incident with Cassius.
               It seemed simple enough, and I had to agree
               with him; your position in this power
               struggle is becoming evermore precarious."

I raise an eyebrow.

               MARCO
               "How so?"

               NEFERU
               "The rumors about Cassius's intent to disband
               the triumvirates have saturated the trial,
               even though Cato has banned all discussion of
               it."

               NEFERU
               "Word is that Cassius has realized who might
               have started the rumors."

Neferu looks pointedly at me, though I try to keep my expression neutral.

               NEFERU
               "This has implications for you obviously, but
               not only because you possibly sabotaged his
               chances at the throne."

I feel my stomach turn a little, realizing I've gotten myself into way more
than I'd ever intended.

               NEFERU
               "This also brings into question your
               intelligence...far too intelligent for a
               Simian, wouldn't you say?"

I open my mouth, but Neferu goes on.

               NEFERU
               "Now, with all of this considered, it was
               only natural for Amicus to come to me for
               help. Your life is in danger, Marco, no
               matter the facade these peaceful palace halls
               might project."

I stare at the jackal, surprised at how candid he's being with me.

               NEFERU
               "He asked me what I wanted most, and I
               answered truthfully; an alliance with the
               wolves if Amicus were to become emperor."

               NEFERU
               "Of course, he declined outright, as he
               should have as the prospective emperor. How
               could he promise something so important with
               so many implications, all over one pet?"

               NEFERU
               "So, knowing that was impossible, I offered
               something a bit more selfish on my part;
               copulation with the handsome son of a wolven
               emperor. To this, he only needed a few
               moments to agree."

I grimace.

               NEFERU
               "But I want you to understand something,
               Marco. If Amicus had found even that
               disagreeable, I would have simply asked for
               nothing."

               NEFERU
               "It is the duty of all Khemians to protect
               any sapient fleeing wolven violence, whether
               they be sibling, child...or abandoned. Pet
               ownership is illegal where I'm from, and the
               idea is quite disgusting, don't you agree?"

Neferu glances at me.

               NEFERU
               "But wolves love their contracts, and no
               matter how different Amicus might wish
               himself to be, he is still a wolf. He
               despises the idea that he might owe something
               to a Khemian."

               NEFERU
               "And his quickness to accept the deal showed
               me that despite how much he wanted to *not*
               want to...'fuck' me, as you put it, there was
               a part of him that did. In the end, he was
               willing."

I look away, frowning.

               NEFERU
               "And I think this is something that has
               caused a rift between the two of you. You
               must understand that sex is casual here, it
               means nothing more than indulging in our
               corporeal desires. It's one of the few
               cultural similarities we share with the
               wolves."

               NEFERU
               "I've been told that Simians are more similar
               to cats in that such things hold much more
               meaning, but you are no longer on Simia and
               must understand that things are different
               here."

               NEFERU
               "Even if he wants to, which I believe he
               does, Amicus can't change his philosophy over
               the course of a single week."

I finally find room to speak.

               MARCO
               "You're acting like we're in a relationship,
               or something."

               NEFERU
               "You aren't, but you want to be. Amicus loves
               you. It's clear as Vita, as they say here."

I feel that little thrill in my chest, and my face blushes furiously.

Neferu goes on like he didn't actually just say that, though.

               NEFERU
               "So yes, if you don't like the idea of Amicus
               'fucking' another man, then claim him as
               *your own* man."

I frown.

               MARCO
               "Claim?"

               NEFERU
               "I'm going by wolven terms here. I'm sure you
               have your own."

Did Neferu just ask me to ask Amicus out?

               NEFERU
               "Now, does that clear things up for you?"

Even though I just woke up, I'm already feeling exhausted.

               MARCO
               "I...guess. There was a little more to it
               than that, though."

               NEFERU
               "Which I'm sure can be settled in the future.
               Civil discussions can do wonders."

               NEFERU
               "Now, we really must be getting to the
               trial...if you're wanting to go?"

Neferu raises an eyebrow at me.

I find myself shaking my head, but not to deny the jackal his request.

Rather, it's because I don't know what the hell this guy is up to.

I get up and Neferu offers his arm to me which I stare at.

               NEFERU
               "Shall I escort you?"

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
[BRANCH]: if ones == True:

This is something I'd seen the jackal do multiple times to Vriginia and
Alex.

For some reason, he seemed to really just enjoy "escorting" people around.

After his little lecture, I can tell that he's trying to smooth things over
between me and Amicus.

So, reluctantly, I reach out and take his arm in both hands, if only to
please him.

And pleased he seems to be, a tugging at the corner of his muzzle making me
think he's trying not to smile *too* much.

As he guides me out the door, I find myself feeling out the fur on his arm.

It's much more silky and smooth compared to Amicus, not quite as fluffy.

It's not as nice as Amicus's coat, but it does feel nice in a different
way.

There's a lot of muscle there too, and I wonder if the jackal works out in
the amphitheater, though I've never seen him there.

I guess I can see why so many people are into this guy...if muscles are
your thing.

As we continue through the halls, I notice we're taking a different route
than the one to the throne room.

               MARCO
               "Where are we going?"

               NEFERU
               "To meet the star of the most asinine
               entertainment show in the galaxy. What better
               way to determine the fate of all things,
               siblings and parents alike, than through
               meaningless, wolven spectacle?"

               MARCO
               "...What?"

Neferu pauses in front of a door, gently pulling away from me while his paw
is held delicately up to the panel.

               NEFERU
               "What I'm saying is that quite a bit is
               depending on your wolf right now, and he
               might need some encouragement."

I'm still staring at the jackal when he finally presses the panel, opening
the door.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
[BRANCH]: else:

This is something I'd seen the jackal do multiple times to Virginia and
Alex.

For some reason, he seemed to really just enjoy "escorting" people around.

However, I still really don't trust this guy, and I don't want him to feel
like he's won any points with me.

So I shake my head.

               MARCO
               "Naw, I'll just follow you."

               NEFERU
               "As you wish."

I follow the jackal out the door, my footsteps much louder than Neferu's.

As we continue through the halls, I notice that we're taking a different
route than the one to the throne room.

               MARCO
               "Where are we going?"

               NEFERU
               "To meet the star of the most asinine
               entertainment show in the galaxy. What better
               way to determine the fate of all things,
               siblings and parents alike, than through
               meaningless, wolven spectacle?"

               MARCO
               "...What?"

Neferu pauses in front of a door, his paw held delicately up to the panel.

               NEFERU
               "What I'm saying is that quite a lot is
               depending on your wolf right now, and he
               might need some encouragement."

I'm still staring at the jackal when he finally presses the panel, opening
the door.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
When I look back, I find myself looking into a much smaller room; simple
and bare, just a bed and dresser.

The air is thick with the calming smell of incense as it creeps into the
hallway and washes over me in a warm wave.

And there, sitting on the bed, is Amicus.

Before I can look back at Neferu, the wolf suddenly looks up.

We both stare at each other for a moment, then the wolf is suddenly on his
feet, stumbling toward me.

He stops himself halfway across the room though, paws clasped in front of
himself.

I've never seen him so disheveled before.

His fur is stuck up all over his neck and shoulders, his cape is askew, his
eyes are red and bleary.

Before I know it, I'm walking into the room toward the wolf.

               MARCO
               "Are you okay?"

Amicus tries to smooth his fur down, but it sticks right back up.

               AMICUS
               "I'm...I'm fine. I was just meditating."

               MARCO
               "You look awful. Isn't the trial in less than
               an hour?"

               AMICUS
               "...Yes."

There's a moment of silence that goes by as I just stare at the wolf.

               MARCO
               "Are...are you going then? You should get
               ready—"

               AMICUS
               "Marco..."

I stop, waiting.

The pause is long, and when Amicus finally speaks, his voice is so quiet I
can barely hear it.

               AMICUS
               "I—I don't think I was meant for this..."

My heart sinks.

               MARCO
               "Meant for what?"

               AMICUS
               "Everything in this damned empire. I've done
               absolutely nothing right. Everything has been
               handed to me on a platter my entire life, but
               the first time I actually have to fight for
               something..."

               AMICUS
               "I know you don't think I took this
               seriously, but I did. I tried...I wasn't
               prepared, and you were right."

I see a little wetness around his eyes, but he aggressively wipes at them
with an arm.

While weeks ago, I might have welcomed this epiphany, this is the absolute
worst moment for it.

               AMICUS
               "I couldn't even keep my best friend. I would
               have been a terrible emperor."

It takes me a moment to realize that he's talking about me.

               MARCO
               "Amicus—"

               AMICUS
               "I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you
               everything, that I treated you poorly, that I
               got you into this stupid mess in the first
               place...and that I can't get you out of it."

The wolf's voice catches on that last part, and I wonder with some
astonishment if I'm actually going to see him cry.

But he manages to hold it together, looking down at the floor.

               AMICUS
               "I just wanted to do what was best for you,
               but I wasn't thinking *of* you while I did
               it. I was inconsiderate, and I'm sorry."

Amicus stands there quietly, apparently finished.

I don't know if this is more about me, or about him feeling inadequate for
the emperorship.

I have no doubt that our little fight yesterday caused it though.

Seeing the wolf like this...it hurts, but it also makes me kind of angry.

This isn't the Amicus I know.

I reach up, setting a hand on his shoulder, and he suddenly looks up at me.

               MARCO
               "You're less than an hour away from becoming
               the emperor. You need to act like it."

               AMICUS
               "Wha—"

               MARCO
               "You think your dad would have acted like
               this when he wasn't sure of himself? Your
               grandfather, Drusus? There's a time and place
               and now is NOT the time."

I don't know if they would have, but I'm grasping at straws at this point.

               AMICUS
               "I—"

               MARCO
               "And honestly, this is about a lot more than
               you, or me, or anyone here. This is about the
               lives of millions of sapients, about your
               entire empire. You think it all deserves to
               go to shit because suddenly you're not really
               sure of yourself?"

               MARCO
               "You're such a good person, basically the
               opposite of what this society is, and you
               want to put that into your rule. That's
               amazing, but now you're suddenly willing to
               give up? What the fuck is wrong with you!?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah, you made a bunch of mistakes, but that
               doesn't matter now. What matters is that you
               make sure that piece-of-shit- brother of
               yours doesn't take the throne. So you'd
               better get your ass out there and beat the
               hell out him in this stupid debate."

I'm not sure what else to say so I stop, breathing hard.

After a moment, I realize the wolf is smiling at me, and it takes me a
moment to calm down from my Hollywood movie pep talk.

               MARCO
               "What?"

               AMICUS
               "I am going to go out there, Marco, there's
               no doubt about that. I just...I was just
               having a moment. I was trying to be more
               honest with you, but thank you."

I frown.

               MARCO
               "Well, you sure picked a hell of a moment to
               have it."

               AMICUS
               "I know...I've just been having a terrible
               time after yesterday, is all. I needed to
               apologize to you."

I deflate a little, but there's some relief there too, seeing Amicus
somewhat back to his old self.

               MARCO
               "I...well...I forgive you, but this is a lot
               bigger than us right now."

               AMICUS
               "I know it is, and what I'm feeling is a lot
               bigger than us as well."

The wolf sets a paw on my shoulder.

               AMICUS
               "But I'm honest about what I said; I'm sorry,
               and I will never do anything involving you
               without your consultation again...and I will
               take your cultural differences into better
               consideration in the future."

I look up at Amicus, at his earnest face, and I find myself hugging him,
and he hugs back tightly.

               MARCO
               "We still need to talk about things, but we
               can do that later. You need to kick Cassius's
               ass first."

               AMICUS
               "I know."

Amicus pulls back, both paws on my shoulders now.

               AMICUS
               "And I will."

There's a gentle clearing of a throat behind us, and we both look back to
see Neferu casually lounging in the doorway.

               NEFERU
               "If you're finished, the trial begins in
               thirty minutes."

Immediately, Amicus scowls at the sight of the jackal, but he nods.

               AMICUS
               "I'd better be going then."

               MARCO
               "So you're feeling better now?"

               AMICUS
               "Much better, thanks to you!"

I smile as I feel a wave of relief, even though this is just like Amicus to
be so easily cheered up.

I allow the wolf to pull me toward the door.

Neferu moves out of the way as we exit the stifling meditation room.

               AMICUS
               "Alright, I'm on my way to a shower."

               MARCO
               "I'll be watching...the rhetoric thing, I
               mean."

               AMICUS
               "Heh, I'll look for you, and...we'll talk
               after this?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah, we'll talk after you're emperor."

               AMICUS
               "Alright."

Amicus leans in to kiss me on the lips, then pauses before planting it on
my cheek instead.

With that, he winks, then turns and dashes up the hall, running at a full
sprint.

I hear a soft chuckle behind me.

               NEFERU
               "Well, that went rather well. I didn't think
               that would be half as easy."

I glance back at the jackal as he basically reveals he's been planning this
all along.

I guess it was obvious.

               NEFERU
               "Shall we head to the throne room? They'll be
               wanting us sitting down early so they can
               film us. The whole things is a dreary
               spectacle, after all."

               MARCO
               "Alright."

With that, I follow the jackal toward the throne room, hoping that what I'd
said to Amicus is enough to get him in the right head space to help him
win.

In just a few hours, I'll know if I'll be leaving soon...or staying for a
long, long time.

Either way, I'm just glad that this happened.