Hearing that, my whole body numbs up.

I can barely feel my feet hitting the ground, pumping my arms as I tear
through the garden.

I don't even bother with the paths, instead crashing through the foliage
and bushes, scratching up the skin on my arms and legs as I trample over
something covered in thorns.

I don't even care as I run straight through a ten foot-wide spiderweb, the
massive spider in the middle hitting my chest then falling and disappearing
under my feet.

The sound of Cato and Amicus struggling behind me has long since faded.

Now all there is is my heavy breathing and the snapping and crashing of the
plants around me.

I wonder if maybe I should stop making noise, try to hide instead...but I
worry that Com will know exactly where I'm at.

I know they're following me right now, and ominously, I can't hear a damn
thing.

I can't see them either, just the flashes of branches and greenery around
me.

When I finally make it to the main path to the palace, I catch my first
glimpse of the drones.

They're hovering further up the path, toward the amphitheater.

It makes me wonder if they're stuck on a grid somehow and had been unable
to follow me into the actual garden.

I think about turning back and trying to hide in the garden again just as I
rush through the entrance, but I realize immediately that they're too
close.

Sure enough, I hear a crack behind me just as I turn the corner in the main
hall, toward Neferu's room.

I get a glimpse of it out of the corner of my eye.

I'm not sure what I expected the weaponry to be.

A red laser, an arc of electricity, actual bullets, maybe?

What I do see is a strange bending of the air in the space I'd just been a
second ago, like looking through a warped piece of glass before suddenly,
it snaps back into place, making my ears pop and throwing my body sideways.

I stumble, but I don't stop, Neferu's room just a few dozen feet ahead of
me.

Now I can hear the drones; an odd, angry buzzing, like wasps.

               COMPUTER
               "Halt, Marco."

I hear Com's gentle, calm voice; a stark contrast to what he's actually
doing right now.

It startles me and I put on an extra burst of speed just before I reach
Neferu's door.

I can only hope that he's there, otherwise I'm going to be cornered...it'll
be where I die.

With my breath wheezing through my throat, I throw a hand out desperately,
pressing it to the black panel on the door.

...Nothing.

It doesn't open, it's locked.

I thought doors don't lock here?

I see the drones out of the corner of my eye and I pound on the door as
hard as I can, screaming as loud as I can.

               MARCO
               "NEFERU! NEFERU HELP!"

There's a pause, and I hear something to my right that sounds like static,
getting louder and louder and I press myself against the door, waiting for
whatever it is the blast will do to me.

Then I'm falling through space.

I'm convinced then that I've died, that this falling sensation is what it's
like to die.

Will I land on something, or just fall forever?

I get my answer almost immediately as I hit the ground face-first on the
hard, marble floor.

I'm dazed as there's a sharp crack behind me, and I feel the force of it
sending a gust of air over me.

               NEFERU
               "Ahhotep!"

Neferu's voice yelps above me and I hear the sound of the door sliding
shut.

               NEFERU
               "Com, what is going on!?"

               COMPUTER
               "Disengage your door's security measures,
               Neferu."

               NEFERU
               "What's happening?"

Neferu is crouching over me now, and I think he's talking to me, but Com
answers him instead as the jackal starts to help me to my feet.

               COMPUTER
               "The child is to be terminated. Please
               disengage security to allow drone entry."

               NEFERU
               "What!? No. Marco, what's happening?"

Neferu has pulled me to my feet at this point, looking me right in the eye.

               MARCO
               "A—Ami—"

I find myself way more out of breath than I thought I was as I try to gasp
out an answer.

               MARCO
               "Amicus...lost emperorship—"

               CATO
               "Neferu, open the damn door!"

Cato's voice crackles through the speakers above me, making me jump.

It's strained and breathing heavily, and I wonder what he's doing right
now...what Amicus is doing.

The jackal pushes me back to stand behind him, keeping himself between me
and the door.

Even though he's got his face set into a stern glare, he's as calm as he
always is.

               NEFERU
               "Cato, what a pleasant surprise to hear your
               voice. May I ask why you want entry into my
               quarters?"

               CATO
               "The emperor's quarters, you dog. Com,
               override door security."

               COMPUTER
               "Overriding security."

There's a hiss and click from the door and suddenly it slides open.

Quickly, Neferu backs into me, much like Amicus did earlier this morning,
and I find myself pressed back into one of the pillars, the jackal's body
almost entirely covering me up.

Although I know Amicus is a good deal bigger than Neferu, I'm still struck
by the jackal's size now that he's so close to me.

               COMPUTER
               "Step aside, Neferu, or risk being shot."

               CATO
               "DON'T shoot the jackal. Neferu, what are you
               doing with it?"

Cato is breathing heavily, and it sounds like he's moving around.

               CATO
               "Can't see a damn thing! Have you called a
               ship!?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Yes, your Imperial Majesty."

There's more muffled moving around, and I wonder what Cato's speaking into,
maybe a drone.

               CATO
               "Neferu, I asked you a question!"

               NEFERU
               "Simply protecting a fellow Khemian."

There's a moment of silence.

               CATO
               "A what?"

               NEFERU
               "Khemian."

Neferu enunciates very slowly, and I look up at the back of his head, just
as confused as Cato.

               CATO
               "Agh! Don't press so damn hard, cat!"

               CATO
               "What do you mean, Neferu?"

Cato's voice takes on a more growly tone as he turns his attention from
whatever he was doing back on us.

               NEFERU
               "I mean that the child has been granted
               citizenship in the Khemian kingdom, and it
               would be unwise to attack him."

Neferu's voice takes on an almost smug tone.

               NEFERU
               "An attack on him would be an attack on us
               all. Surely you understand this, emperor."

               CATO
               "You lie."

               NEFERU
               "Would you like to test that?"

There's a long pause.

In the meantime, a low, rumbling sound grows, audible not only through the
intercom, but through the floor of the palace as well.

               ALEXIOS
               "The ship is arriving your Imperial Majesty."

               CATO
               "Yes, I can see that, cat. Neferu..."

Another long pause.

               CATO
               "We will discuss this further once I'm back
               in the palace. I don't know what you and
               Amicus have planned, but know that I'll be
               keeping a very close eye on you. That
               creature is not to leave the palace."

The wolf suddenly grunts and I can hear the voices of other wolves as well.

               CATO
               "I'm fine, I'm fine, just get me to
               hospital."

There are more sounds of movement, grunting, cursing, and voices of concern
before the wolf speaks to us again.

               CATO
               "And remember, you have no way off this moon
               at the moment. It would be wise to do as I
               say."

               NEFERU
               "Of course, Your Majesty."

Cato grunts.

               CATO
               "Com, cancel last directive. Execute Marco if
               he tries to leave the palace."

               COMPUTER
               "Yes, Cato."

The connection suddenly cuts off, and the two of us are left to stand in
silence.

Finally, Neferu lets out a long, soft sigh.

               NEFERU
               "Damn."

The jackal finally takes a few steps forward before turning to face me.

               NEFERU
               "Well, this situation is less than ideal. I
               receive news that you somehow rose from the
               dead last night, and now this. Com, send us
               the physician."

Even though I've caught my breath at this point, I realize that I'm sweaty
and covered in scratches.

               COMPUTER
               "Cannot comply with directive. Felix is
               currently in the dungeons."

               NEFERU
               "What!? Why?"

               COMPUTER
               "Under the orders of the emperor, Neferu."

               NEFERU
               "Damn."

This time the jackal says it out of amazement rather than annoyance.

               NEFERU
               "Well, send bandages and a salve, at least."

               COMPUTER
               "Yes, Neferu."

               NEFERU
               "Marco...what happened? Where's Amicus?"

After a few more deep breaths, I begin to go over everything that just
happened, starting at the point where we were woken up by Cato and ending
where I'd attacked Cassius and made a run for Neferu's room.

I try to keep things vague, like Cato just decided Amicus was unfit for the
job and wanted to illegitimately put Cassius on the throne, but of course
Neferu immediately realizes that I'm leaving things out.

               NEFERU
               "Then why does he want you executed? It seems
               odd he'd suddenly decide to do all of this
               now."

I hesitate, and it's at this moment that the door slides open, causing me
to jump and cower as a drone enters.

               NEFERU
               "Steady, Marco, it's just the medical
               supplies I requested. Have a seat on the
               bed."

There are two beds, but the jackal gestures at the smaller one.

Dumbly, I point this out to him.

               MARCO
               "Why do you have two beds?"

As I sit, Neferu sets the supplies, all laid out on a metal tray, to the
side, uncorking a bottle and dipping a brush into it.

He then starts to apply a dark, orange liquid to the cuts on my arms and
legs.

               NEFERU
               "Well, one for the emperor and, interestingly
               enough, this one for the emperor's pet. Lift
               your arm."

I do as he says, still feeling numb as he starts to coat a rather deep cut
on the underside of my arm.

               MARCO
               "Can we go find Amicus?"

               NEFERU
               "Where is Amicus, Com?"

               COMPUTER
               "That information is confidential and only
               accessible by the emperor, Neferu."

I see the jackal's eyes narrow as my stomach twists.

               MARCO
               "What does that mean?"

               NEFERU
               "Could mean any number of things."

I clutch my hands together, feeling my anxiety grow.

               MARCO
               "But is he alright? What if Cato did
               something to him—"

Neferu rests a paw on my shoulder.

               NEFERU
               "I understand your worry for Amicus's safety,
               but also understand that Cato would not even
               think of taking Amicus's life. Your wolf is
               likely imprisoned somewhere after what he
               did."

That doesn't make me feel all that much better, but I manage to hold still
as the jackal continues to treat me.

After a period of silence though, Neferu sighs.

               NEFERU
               "So...at this point it seems we're in a
               rather precarious situation. I promised
               Amicus that if something happened to him, I
               would do everything in my power to keep you
               safe."

Neferu pauses, and only continues when I look up to meet his eyes.

               NEFERU
               "It would seem that what he worried about has
               come to pass, and now I must carry out that
               promise, but to do that...I need you to be
               honest with me so that I may know exactly
               what we are dealing with."

I gaze at Neferu for a while, wondering how much is at stake right now.

The events of the past hour have left me emotionally drained, numb aside
from the twisting anxiety of wondering what's happening to Amicus right
now.

I feel myself deflate.

               MARCO
               "...Amicus made First Contact with me. Cato
               found out."

I wait for a moment, wondering if the jackal is just going to toss me out
into the hall after learning such a terrible secret.

But when Neferu doesn't say anything, I look up.

I guess I expected to see a look of shock, or even horror on the jackal's
face, but it mostly just looks annoyed.

               NEFERU
               "You know, I had suspected such a thing
               considering all of the odd quirks you
               possess, but I had also thought that even
               Amicus would not be so foolish enough to do
               it."

I feel myself grow a little defensive.

               MARCO
               "Hey, he didn't know. We'd been contacted by
               the wolves before, but we lost the history of
               it somehow."

               NEFERU
               "Even so, he should have taken more care."

               NEFERU
               "That's in the past now, however. We must
               focus on the present."

               MARCO
               "Aren't you worried about getting in
               trouble?"

               NEFERU
               "Me? Why would I be worried?"

               MARCO
               "Isn't unauthorized First Contact like,
               really, really bad?"

               NEFERU
               "Well, yes, but I'm not the one that commited
               the crime. The burden rests on Amicus and on
               the wolves. I'm merely here to help a sapient
               that I did not know was an un-contacted
               alien."

Neferu starts to wrap the bandages around the deepest cut on my arm.

               MARCO
               "And how did I become a citizen?"

               NEFERU
               "I authorized it at the embassy shortly after
               the deal I made with Amicus. You were never
               officially his pet, thus never a member of
               the empire. We thought it best to simply
               grant you citizenship in the meantime."

               MARCO
               "You can just...do that?"

               NEFERU
               "Well yes, I'm the son of the Pharaoh."

               MARCO
               "Don't I have to sign something..or
               something?"

               NEFERU
               "It has been taken care of."

               MARCO
               "How?"

               NEFERU
               "Again; son of the pharaoh."

I sit in silence for a while, trying to comprehend all of this while still
worrying about Amicus.

               MARCO
               "Can we find out where Amicus is?"

               NEFERU
               "We will shortly."

               MARCO
               "How?"

               NEFERU
               "Even if it was supposedly a secret, word
               spreads fast in these halls."

               MARCO
               "Why are you helping me? This is all
               so...crazy."

               NEFERU
               "I've told you before Marco, it is the duty
               of a Khemian to help a sapient in distress."

I stare at the jackal.

               MARCO
               "Uh-huh, and why else?"

Neferu smiles gently at me.

               NEFERU
               "Despite our past interactions, I consider
               Amicus a friend. You are very important to
               him, and I see it as my duty to keep you
               safe...and would it be strange that I
               consider *you* a friend as well?"

Friend.

               MARCO
               "Does this have to do with the alliance?"

Neferu continues to smile.

               NEFERU
               "I suppose there *are* a few other reasons."

Those reasons are pretty easy to figure out.

Keeping me protected will keep Amicus happy, and Amicus knowing that Neferu
did that will make the alliance more likely...assuming we get out of this
mess

Obviously Neferu won't say, but knowing this is most likely the main reason
actually makes me feel a bit better.

I don't have to worry that the jackal has some other nefarious plan in
store for me.

               COMPUTER
               "Virginia requests access to your quarters,
               Neferu."

               NEFERU
               "Ah, and here might be the answer to your
               earlier question. Granted, Com."

The door slides open, revealing Virginia.

She doesn't look happy.

Immediately, she stalks into the room, eyes on me, glaring.

I wonder what exactly it is she's waiting for, then the door slides shut.

               VIRGINIA
               "What in the name of the Romanus have you
               done, alien?"

Neferu chuckles.

               NEFERU
               "Easy, Virginia. He's been through quite a
               lot in the past hour."

               VIRGINIA
               "Easy? Cassius and Cato are in hospital.
               Amicus is in the dungeons...Cassius is to
               become emperor! Our plans are in ruins,
               Neferu!"

The wolf folds her arms and walks around slowly so that she can better look
at me.

               VIRGINIA
               "What happened?"

My first instinct is to stay quiet, cross my eyes in that dull, vacant
stare and pretend not to understand.

But then I realize I don't have to anymore.

I'd come to this realization after the second trial, but now that
everything has fallen apart, now that I actually have some protection, I
find myself bristling at the she-wolf's accusing stare.

               MARCO
               "Cato's a complete monster. He staged the
               third trial so that Amicus would lose. I used
               the nervo on Cassius and should have done the
               same to Cato, then Amicus ripped his visor
               off."

Virginia gives me a look of surprise, probably not expecting me to be so
honest...or maybe she's just shocked at how brutal things got.

She then looks to Neferu who nods in response.

               VIRGINIA
               "But why?"

That's when I hesitate again, but again, I feel like it doesn't matter much
anymore.

               MARCO
               "Amicus made First Contact with my species."

               VIRGINIA
               "WHAT!?"

The wolf looks horrified, bringing a paw to her muzzle.

Now this is the kind of reaction I'd expect.

               VIRGINIA
               "Why would he do such a thing?"

               MARCO
               "I don't know...his research on my planet
               told him otherwise, I think."

Virginia just stares at me, then looks away, toward the door.

               NEFERU
               "Honestly, knowing your brother, it's not all
               that surprising."

               VIRGINIA
               "I know my brother is an idiot. I did not
               know he's psychotic."

Now I really bristle.

The idiot thing might be kind of true, but talking about Amicus like this
after everything that's happened, while he's sitting in the "dungeons",
wherever those are, it makes me angry.

               MARCO
               "Hey, he had no reason to believe we weren't
               part of the *Galaxias*. The library, or
               archives, or whatever told him that we were.
               He just panicked and rushed things when he
               found out the truth..."

Neferu and Virginia stare at me, looking unconvinced.

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "So where are the dungeons? Is he okay, can I
               see him?"

Virginia paces around to the side, staring into the fountain.

               VIRGINIA
               "He was stunned by a drone, but was conscious
               as he was escorted. The dungeons are under
               the palace...possibly just under our feet."

I look down automatically at the marble floor, picturing the wolf sitting
down there.

               MARCO
               "Can I see him?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Obviously not. Cato has allowed access only
               for himself. That authority will pass on to
               Cassius when he becomes emperor."

I continue to stare at the floor.

I feel better now that I know that he's at least alive, but I want to see
him...I NEED to see him.

               VIRGINIA
               "So what do we do now?"

I look up to see that Virginia's talking to Neferu.

               NEFERU
               "I'm working on it. This will take time to
               sort out."

               VIRGINIA
               "And it was all going so well."

               NEFERU
               "As it often does before it falls apart."

               MARCO
               "What are you talking about?"

Virginia glances at me in mild surprise, like she forgot I was there.

               VIRGINIA
               "It does not concern you, Marco. You look
               injured, why don't you rest?"

I stand up.

               MARCO
               "Look, I think by now you should know that
               I'm not some idiot slave for you to order
               around anymore. It was an act. I understand
               everything you say, and I know all of you
               have your own little agendas."

I see Virginia bristling, but I just don't care anymore.

               MARCO
               "But honestly, I don't really give a fuck
               what either of you want. I just want to help
               Amicus. So if that's part of this plan you're
               talking about, then I want to know about it."

The two aliens stare at me.

Then Neferu starts laughing, but I cut him off.

               MARCO
               "Stop acting like everything's so fucking
               amusing to you! This isn't funny. Amicus is
               in trouble, and even though he put me in this
               mess, he's the only one I know for sure that
               gives damn about what happens to me."

Thankfully, the Jackal does stop laughing, regarding me with those blue
eyes.

               NEFERU
               "You're right, Marco, I apologize. I was just
               not expecting such a powerful retort. I like
               it."

He then turns to Virginia.

               NEFERU
               "He's a part of this as much as we are. I
               believe he should know what we are up to."

Virginia sniffs.

               VIRGINIA
               "Granting him Khemian citizenship seems to
               have bolstered his boldness. I wonder if that
               was a mistake."

               NEFERU
               "It was necessary."

Neferu then turns to me.

               NEFERU
               "Marco, these 'plans' were meant to be set in
               motion once Amicus became emperor. We both
               have...interests in Amicus becoming emperor."

               NEFERU
               "We did not interfere during the trials, but
               we did plan to begin our work when it was all
               but confirmed he would become emperor."

               MARCO
               "What 'interests'?"

               NEFERU
               "Well, it may come as no surprise that I wish
               to have the alliance. Virginia on the other
               hand..."

Neferu glances at her.

The wolf barely seems interested and shrugs her shoulders.

               VIRGINIA
               "To be his chief advisor."

               NEFERU
               "In the end, we both agreed that Amicus would
               be best to fulfill both our interests as
               opposed to Cassius. We simply agreed to help
               each other accomplish these plans of ours."

Interests.

I guess that's the appropriate word to describe what most relationships
hinge on in this stupid empire.

               MARCO
               "Do you even care that your brother is in the
               dungeons?"

I ask Virginia directly, surprising myself.

               MARCO
               "Or do you just care about what *interests*
               you?"

Virginia scoffs at me and Neferu gives me what I can only imagine is a
warning look.

               VIRGINIA
               "I care deeply about many things. What I
               don't care for is being lectured by an alien
               who does not understand the meaning of wolven
               legacy."

I don't say anything and Neferu coughs.

               NEFERU
               "Anyway, we have plans to work together to
               see if there might not be a way to redeem
               Amicus and place him on the throne."

               MARCO
               "Already? Wait, did you already have plans to
               unseat Cassius if he won?"

               NEFERU
               "...Yes."

I shake my head, realizing just how much of a facade this entire empire
really is.

               MARCO
               "Well, then I want to help."

               VIRGINIA
               "And what would you be able to do?"

While I never had a problem with Virginia while I was pretending to be a
pet, I find talking with her directly to be rather unpleasant.

But I guess it makes sense that she'd be bitter towards me.

I'm technically the reason her brother is in the dungeons, and her chance
of being advisor is now zero under Cassius.

               NEFERU
               "Virginia may be right, Marco. You're on
               unstable ground with Cato and Cassius...the
               two most powerful wolves on the moon. You
               should probably stay hidden in my quarters
               for the foreseeable future."

I frown.

               MARCO
               "All day...every day?"

               NEFERU
               "Yes."

I don't like the sound of that at all.

               VIRGINIA
               "Well, you could be useful if the third trial
               was truly staged. Obviously your word won't
               hold much weight, but if we can find footage
               to go along with it, we might be able to put
               a dent in Cato and Cassius's image."

I look at Virginia, but she's already stalking off toward the door.

               VIRGINIA
               "Unfortunately, I have to attend a meeting in
               Cato's stead, for obvious reasons. We'll have
               to discuss all of this in depth later."

As she reaches out for the black panel, I suddenly have an idea.

               MARCO
               "Virginia?"

She doesn't say anything, but her ears perk.

               MARCO
               "Could you...could you talk to Cassius when
               he's emperor about letting me see Amicus? I
               just want to make sure he's okay."

There's a short pause, as the door opens before I see her nod her head.

               VIRGINIA
               "I'll see what can be done."

With that, she steps out and the door closes behind her.

I'm left alone with the jackal, my new...well, not master.

I guess more of a partner.

He smirks at me.

               NEFERU
               "Try not to antagonize her too much in the
               future."

               MARCO
               "She started it."

               NEFERU
               "I recognize that, and it was wise of you to
               put your foot down not only with her, but
               with me as well—"

               NEFERU
               "—but she's very, very smart, and it's
               essential we have her on our side."

He's not wrong.

I realized just before she left that she's basically my only connection to
Cato and Cassius, both of whom I'd doubt would want to talk to me.

               NEFERU
               "Now—"

The Jackal moves to the door himself, calling over his shoulder.

               NEFERU
               "Unfortunately, I also must take my leave.
               I'm going to gather a bit of information from
               the city. I'll be back toward the end of the
               day. Again, try to stay inside this room.
               It's locked to everyone but the emperor."

With that, the jackal leaves the room as well, leaving me alone in the
room.

I lay back, wondering how things went so wrong, so fast.

I don't like any of this, and just like my first day on this moon, I feel
out of place and completely out of my element.

I just wish Amicus were here.

I roll over, hugging the pillow as I try to fall asleep.

The idea of me staying in Neferu's room constantly for the foreseeable
future doesn't last long.

In fact, a few hours later, I find myself leaving his quarters and
wandering the halls of the palace like I have so many times before.

Cato and Cassius probably won't be back for a little while, so I don't
really have anything to be worried about as far as I know.

Just as I'm thinking this, I see something out of the corner of my eye.

A gray tail, green stripes...

Alexios.

Seeing the cat suddenly reminds me of all those suspicions I've been
keeping bottled up about him, if only to keep the peace in the palace.

Again, with all that thrown out the window, I find myself fast-walking in
Alex's direction, determined to confront him.

While I feel like complete shit after what's happened, I also feel
completely liberated.

Cat's out of the bag.

I can basically say whatever I want now.

Well...mostly, definitely should still be careful.

I turn the corner as I'm thinking this and find myself standing just a
dozen feet away from the cat, Alex bent over as he waters one of the
plants.

He's humming again, and he's smiling when he looks up at me.

That smile immediately vanishes.

He drops his watering can, sending it and the contents spilling across the
floor with a clanging noise.

He basically lost all chance of looking not-suspicious in the first second
he saw me.

               ALEXIOS
               "Aaah!"

               ALEXIOS
               "Uh, I mean...ah, Marco, how are you this
               fine morning?"

               MARCO
               "Terrible. What are you doing?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Oh! I'm...I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you
               feeling ill? What happened to your arm?"

Alex's eyes go to the bandage on my bicep, but I ignore him, taking a step
forward.

In response, he takes one back.

               MARCO
               "What have you been up to?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Up to?"

His eyes dart left and right, as if looking for an escape.

               MARCO
               "Telling Neferu about me, telling the
               triumvirates about what I told you."

I don't know if he actually did that last one, but his reaction seems to
tell me.

His eyes widen as he backs away.

               ALEXIOS
               "I have no idea—"

               MARCO
               "Did you talk to Cato yesterday, after you
               saw me in the gardens last night? You realize
               what's happening right now, right?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Marco, you're scaring me..."

The cat continues to back away.

I follow, and that's when Alex just gives up on his act, turns tail and
sprints down the hall.

Before I know it, I'm running after him, eyes focused on his thrashing tail
as his sandals slap against the marbled floor.

               ALEXIOS
               "Stop chasing me! I don't know what you
               want!"

I don't bother responding, starting to reach out to grab the back of his
robes.

Just as I make contact though, he comes to a sudden halt, pressing himself
against the wall so that I stumble and slide past him.

He's at a door, and he presses his paw to the black panel so that it slides
open before he dashes inside.

I don't think he was really thinking about where he was going to end up,
because I know that that's the bathing room, and I know he's trapped.

I turn around and run inside after him, just in time to see him (still
sprinting) slip dramatically on the wet floor, flying through the air for a
moment before landing painfully on the corner of the bath.

I hear him wheeze before he plunges into the hot water.

If he lost his breath, it's back as he comes back up with a gasp, letting
that all out in a scream of pain.

               ALEXIOS
               "AHHHH! HOT!"

The cat scrambles out of the water clumsily, scrabbling at the sides with
his claws before finally rolling out, looking small and disheveled with his
fur all matted up against his skin.

He curls up and, to my surprise, I see that he's crying.

This sight alone is enough to give me some doubts that Alex is the
conniving saboteur I think him to be.

He looks so...pathetic right now.

I stand over him for a bit, looking down at his pitiful form before
clearing my throat.

               MARCO
               "Um...you okay?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Okay!? I think you broke my ribs!"

               MARCO
               "ME!? You're the one that ran away for no
               reason!"

               ALEXIOS
               "No reason? You advanced upon me in a
               threatening manner!"

The cat curls up again and makes some more sobbing noises, and I'm between
believing him and believing that he's flat-out faking.

               MARCO
               "Sit on the bench."

I reach down a hand to help him up, but he swats it away.

I narrow my eyes.

               MARCO
               "Answer my questions, Alex."

The cat finally sits up, sniffling and rubbing at his nose while the other
paw clutches at his side.

               ALEXIOS
               "I have no answers. I'm simply a pet."

Painfully, Alex gets to his feet before setting himself gingerly on the
bench while stripping off his wet robe.

               MARCO
               "Yeah, and I was simply a pet just yesterday.
               I'm not as stupid as you think, Alexios."

Alex looks up at me, that pathetic, sad look replaced by one that I can't
really explain.

When he remains quiet, I try again.

               MARCO
               "I know everyone has 'interests' here. What
               are yours...maybe we have the same ones?"

               ALEXIOS
               "You're not being very subtle, are you?"

               MARCO
               "What you did yesterday wasn't subtle at all.
               Who else would have told Cato that I was
               conscious again, that me and Amicus are
               lovers?"

Alex frowns then shrugs.

               ALEXIOS
               "How am I supposed to know? I told Cassius
               last night. He could have told a number of
               people, especially Cato."

That makes me pause.

Of course Alex talks to Cassius on a regular basis, probably every night.

It would make much more sense that the wolf was the one to tell Cato,
rather than Alexios.

               MARCO
               "But what about the lovers thing? You were
               the only one that suspected."

Well, him and Neferu, but I know Neferu wouldn't tell.

Alex scoffs, having taken off his robe and in the process of examining his
side.

It looks fine to me, no blood or anything, but he winces as he prods at it.

               ALEXIOS
               "You think it wasn't obvious? It was a
               prominent rumor ever since the first trial."

That...and I guess Cato did walk in on us in bed together.

I feel my resolve failing a bit, but then I remember Neferu again.

               MARCO
               "But Neferu told me that you confessed my
               intelligence to him...why would you do that?"

This time the cat's reaction is rather different, his ears blushing as he
looks away.

               ALEXIOS
               "He was...he was curious about you, and he
               can be persuasive. I'm sorry I told him, but
               again I thought it was obvious...and I didn't
               think he'd tell you."

Alex scowls, massaging his ribs.

I glare at the cat, wondering if I'd just made a huge mistake.

               MARCO
               "But...what about the triumvirates. I told
               you first and then they all suddenly found
               out somehow."

Alex quirks his head.

               ALEXIOS
               "Well, Cassius was discussing it with someone
               else, wasn't he?"

Virginia.

               ALEXIOS
               "Maybe it was that person?"

Neferu had said they hadn't interfered at all in the trials, and Virginia
didn't show any indication that she might have sabotaged her own brother.

But then again, I have the feeling that she's probably a lot better at
acting than anyone else here.

I know I can't really trust anyone now...except Amicus...and maybe Neferu.

I'd been so confident just moments ago, and now I find myself feeling
guilty as I watch the sopping wet cat clutch himself, hunched over.

I don't trust him to be telling me the truth, not at all, but I also don't
trust myself in being so confident that he's lying.

So, shamefully, I reach out a hand, resting it on his shoulder.

He flinches, then glares up at me.

               MARCO
               "Sorry...I just thought...I'm just trying to
               figure out what's happening."

Alex carefully moves my hand off his shoulder, but he doesn't seem all that
angry.

               ALEXIOS
               "That's fine, just...don't do it in such a
               brutish manner next time. You frightened me."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, and sorry about your ribs too, even if
               you did it to yourself."

Alex probably hears the smile creeping into my voice at the end of the
sentence because he glares at me again.

               ALEXIOS
               "That *really* hurt, you know. And now I have
               to go to the city to see a physician. I'll
               have to take the awful, bumpy carriage too
               since Cassius forbids me from flying."

Alexios shakes his head.

I rub my arm awkwardly.

               MARCO
               "Why's that?"

Alexios looks up at me.

               ALEXIOS
               "Ever since his father's ship crashed and the
               investigation was botched, he's petrified of
               it."

               MARCO
               "Botched?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Yes, so they don't know how it crashed. Odd
               thing, isn't it?"

               MARCO
               "...Yeah."

Just when I was having my doubts, I get another flare of suspicion as to
why he's telling me something like this, but I brush it aside for now.

               MARCO
               "So you know about everything that's
               happened?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Vaguely, though I'd rather not be involved.
               Anyway, I suppose it's not so inconvenient
               for me that I go. I was meaning to visit
               Cassius in hospital today anyway."

The cat stands up, bending down with a grimace to pick up his robes.

               ALEXIOS
               "And...I am sorry about what happened to your
               wolf. I hope you're able to figure it out."

And with that, the cat walks out of the bathing room, his tail dragging
limply behind him.

I want to say more to him, to figure out exactly what he's up to.

I might have been wrong about him, but I also don't feel satisfied with his
explanations.

I can tell now that we're not exactly friends anymore, even before I caused
him to shatter his ribs and boil in the hot tub.

I sit on the bench for a while, thinking about soaking in the bath.

I realize then that the last time I did that was with Amicus, and doing so
now, alone, would be way too depressing.

I get up and leave, hoping that Virginia took my request seriously.

Imagining the wolf below me, alone, is too much to think about.

So I head back out into the halls, deciding to just go back to Neferu's
room and stay there like I'd been told to.

A few days pass like this.

There's a bizarre calm in the air.

The palace is quiet despite the absolute chaos that the top echelon of the
empire is in right now.

In the meantime, Cassius becomes emperor with surprisingly little fanfare.

I watch it on the screens, the young white wolf's right leg and left arm in
casts (which is explained several times to have happened in the third
trial) as he's coroneted by Cato, who is now missing his visor.

That isn't explained to the viewers at all.

I don't feel much as this happens.

Realizing how...fake all of this is, how it doesn't seem to mean anything
despite how much I'm told it means—

—It's all theatrics.

What matters most now is taking the two of them down, and getting Amicus up
and out from that dungeon.

Even now, I'm not really thinking about getting home despite the fact that
the Stretch Drive *should* be returning at any moment now, if it hasn't
already.

There are bigger things at stake here, the main one being my best friend's
life.

And that's why on the third day after the fake trial, I find myself eagerly
involving myself in a discussion with Neferu as he tells me his plans.

Cato is due back in the palace that day, and we both suspect he'll be
making a trip to our room.

               NEFERU
               "So the most important thing to the wolves is
               drama, a scene, something memorable. That's
               all they seem to care about around here."

Neferu sniffs dismissively as he sips at his wine, and I find myself
starting to see why Amicus might find him so irritating.

Not that he's wrong though, and I usually find myself agreeing with him.

               MARCO
               "So...make a scene that makes Cato and
               Cassius look bad?"

               NEFERU
               "Well, most importantly we need to find...or
               even make up information about them that will
               irreparably damage their reputation in the
               public sphere."

               MARCO
               "Like what Cassius did to Amicus during the
               second trial?"

Neferu smirks.

               NEFERU
               "Even worse than that, Marco, preferably
               something that shows disloyalty, or insults
               the pride of the wolves in general. That is
               something they often can't look past."

               MARCO
               "Didn't Amicus having sex with you show
               disloyalty...or hurt their pride?"

Neferu waves his paw dismissively in the air.

               NEFERU
               "No, it's been established amongst the public
               that he was simply furthering his goal of an
               alliance with my species, which was
               completely in line with his character."

               NEFERU
               "As for pride, well, he wasn't the one
               raising his tail."

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "So we need something about Cassius and Cato
               that's out of their character?"

               NEFERU
               "Yes, something that shows them to be not who
               they say they are. The public must distrust
               them."

Neferu strokes his chin.

               NEFERU
               "Would be convenient to have all that footage
               that Virginia was talking about, but
               considering how secure it might be, that
               could be impossible."

               MARCO
               "Worth trying to get though."

               NEFERU
               "Yes, I'll have to discuss that further with
               Virginia."

               MARCO
               "So...what should I be doing?"

While it feels good to *talk* about what can be done to help Amicus, I
personally want to *do* something.

Neferu pauses, then smiles at me.

               NEFERU
               "Marco, my duty is to not put you in danger,
               as I've said. I won't have you—"

               MARCO
               "Well, I don't care. I need to help. I'll do
               whatever I have to do."

Neferu raises an eyebrow at me.

               NEFERU
               "Oh yes? Even if it might risk your own life?
               Cato is only barely tolerating the protective
               line that being a Khemian citizen affords
               you. I would not push him further."

               MARCO
               "Then I'll do things behind the scenes. I
               don't care, I just want to do *something*."

Neferu sighs deeply.

               NEFERU
               "We'll see. Just keep in mind that the most
               important thing to Amicus is that you stay
               alive. That's what you can do that will help
               him the most."

I take that in, still not fully convinced that there's nothing I can do.

               NEFERU
               "But I'll certainly let you know if I believe
               there's a way for you to help. As for me, my
               status leaves me untouchable, unless Cato
               wants to risk another war, which I guarantee
               you he does not."

               MARCO
               "I'd imagine. He has first-hand experience."

               NEFERU
               "Indeed."

               COMPUTER
               "Neferu, Cato wishes to enter your quarters."

I jump, wondering if the walls are thin enough for the old wolf to have
heard us.

Neferu doesn't seem surprised though.

               NEFERU
               "Ah, as we expected. Com, please tell him to
               hold for a moment. I'm in the nude."

               COMPUTER
               "Yes, Neferu."

Neferu looks at me.

               NEFERU
               "I suppose our mission starts now. I have my
               own drone recording in the corner there,
               hopefully to catch the old man saying
               something incriminating."

               NEFERU
               "What I'd like you to do is to crouch behind
               those bushes, keep hidden and quiet."

               MARCO
               "What? I thought I was supposed to be
               involv—"

               NEFERU
               "You will be, but I'd rather he not filter
               himself because of you."

I hesitate for a second, then quickly do as I'm told, even though I do feel
bitter at the feeling of being tossed aside once again.

               CATO
               "Neferu, I will override the security again
               if you do not—"

Cato's voice crackles over the speakers, but that's when the jackal opens
the door, and for a moment, his voice comes from two places at once.

I'm pretty well hidden behind a few trees and bushes, my surroundings dark
enough that I'm pretty sure Cato wouldn't be able to see me through the
leaves and twigs I'm peeking through.

The two males stand awkwardly across from each other before Cato suddenly
strides in, forcing the jackal to step aside, though Neferu keeps that smug
smile on his face.

               NEFERU
               "What a pleasure it is for you to visit me
               today."

As Cato walks in, I get a look at his face for the first time.

I'd seen that he lacked his visor in the broadcast, but seeing it up
close...

The stern looks I'd always imagined under his now-broken machinery is
definitely there.

His eyes have a milky, gray quality to them, heavily scarred.

The old wolf stops just in front of the fountain, his ears perked up high.

I wonder if he can see anything at all, and Neferu asks just that.

               NEFERU
               "How is your sight, Your Former Highness?"

I see one of those ears twitch before the wolf slowly turns around.

               CATO
               "Non-existent, young prince."

               NEFERU
               "Oh please, just call me Nef—"

               CATO
               "Where is the alien?"

Neferu pauses.

               NEFERU
               "Alex? Or do you mean—"

               CATO
               "You know damn well who I'm referring to,
               jackal."

Neferu raises his paws defensively, even though Cato can't see.

               NEFERU
               "Apologies, Cato. Marco told me he would be
               in the gardens doing landscaping work."

Cato snorts.

               CATO
               "I didn't hear him out there."

               NEFERU
               "It is a rather large garden. A very
               beautiful one as well."

Cato doesn't respond, instead staring about the room.

               NEFERU
               "Would you like some wine?"

Neferu gestures at the bedside table, picking up his own goblet to take a
sip...loudly.

I see Cato's ears twitch again before he turns to the jackal.

               CATO
               "What is your plan with the alien?"

Neferu frowns.

               NEFERU
               "Plan?"

               CATO
               "Do not ever play games with me. That will be
               my only warning to you jackal."

Cato's voice is so cold and ominous that even Neferu's grin wavers, but he
recovers quickly, taking another loud slurp of wine.

               NEFERU
               "Mmh, such good wine. One of the few superior
               products your people produce. Now, as for
               Marco, I'm simply fulfilling a promise to
               Amicus."

               CATO
               "I see. That wasn't so hard to tell me then,
               was it?"

               NEFERU
               "Speaking of, quite astonishing that he was
               so easily beaten by Cassius, of all people."

               CATO
               "Quite."

               NEFERU
               "I wonder how he was able to accomplish such
               a feat."

               CATO
               "It was broadcast. You would have been able
               to see it."

               NEFERU
               "Ah, well, I don't watch Adastran broadcasts;
               too much melodrama and propaganda for my
               tastes."

               CATO
               "*Pugnu* is a combination of skill and luck,
               and it's not always the strongest that wins."

               NEFERU
               "Of course. Though I have to wonder...might
               any of that luck have been,
               well...manufactured?"

Cato is silent for a moment.

Cato being silent is when you know that something is very wrong.

               CATO
               "Are you implying something, jackal?"

               NEFERU
               "Oh no, I'm simply curious. I came to study
               the politics and workings of the empire while
               also trying to improve relations between our
               species. I feel knowing all the facets of
               wolven politics is important."

Cato sneers.

               CATO
               "There's a fine line between studying and
               spying here."

Neferu chuckles.

               NEFERU
               "Well, what I do know is that you wolves
               often go about things in a theatrical
               fashion, and it's sometimes hard to tell
               what's real or not. I assumed the fight to
               be, well...somewhat staged."

               CATO
               "Heh."

Cato chuckles, and immediately I know that Neferu is making a lot of
mistakes here.

I'm not sure what his plan is, maybe he'd thought that Cato would be more
friendly with him, or that he could lull the old wolf into a false sense of
security somehow.

Maybe he's just trying to feel the old man out.

I also get the feeling that maybe he shouldn't have had all that wine
before doing this.

His suave, care-free attitude works on most, either to charm, or to annoy,
but Cato is not someone I feel it will work particularly well on.

Either way, it's clear Cato knows exactly what's happening.

               CATO
               "I know Khemians pride themselves on their
               own intelligence, but I have to wonder why
               considering your extreme stupidity."

               NEFERU
               "Oh?"

Neferu casually sloshes his wine about in his goblet.

               CATO
               "Your arrogance amazes me, young one. I know
               you were fortunate enough to have been
               birthed after the war, but it's as if you
               were never taught the history between our
               peoples."

               NEFERU
               "I've spent countless hours studying this
               history, Cato, and that's mostly why I'm
               here."

               CATO
               "Mostly. It seems the rest of that reason is
               to fuck with the delicate balance our empire
               is currently in."

               NEFERU
               "Certainly not. I am merely an observer."

I want to tell Neferu to shut up, to just tell Cato to go look for me out
in the gardens, or something.

I can see the hackles on Cato's shoulders rising, and I can only hope that
the jackal was right about being untouchable.

               CATO
               "I know I offered you to stay in this palace
               as long as you pleased, and I never withdraw
               an offer without good reason, but have you
               thought of moving out to the city? There are
               many more accommodations out there."

               NEFERU
               "Oh, no thank you. I much prefer it here.
               Everyone is so...interesting."

               CATO
               "Heh, it is just like a Khemian to take full
               advantage of a wolf's tolerance."

Neferu quirks an eyebrow.

               NEFERU
               "Tolerance? Not a word I often associate with
               a wolf."

I can tell that Neferu's losing his cool as well.

               CATO
               "Our tolerance for your arrogance was
               unprecedented."

Neferu seems confused for a moment.

               NEFERU
               "Oh, are you referring to the war? I'm sorry,
               we're quite a bit more blunt where I'm from,
               so I did not realize what you were getting
               at."

Neferu smirks.

               NEFERU
               "For a moment, I thought you were coming on
               to me much like Amicus did."

Defnitely too much to drink, or this jackal is a lot crazier than I thought
he was.

               NEFERU
               "You wolves tend to be aggressive like th-
               GRK!"

Cato becomes a blur, closing the five foot distance between the two of them
in less than a second.

The next thing I know, Cato has the jackal up against one of the pillars,
slamming Neferu so hard against it that I see the plaster crack and fall
away.

Neferu gasps loudly, kicking out at Cato a few times as he struggles with
the old wolf's thick arms.

               NEFERU
               "G—get...off!"

Neferu kicks out again, this time at Cato's groin.

If the old wolf felt anything, he doesn't show it, instead holding Neferu
tightly in place while he snarls in his face.

               CATO
               "Speaking of tolerance...I have tolerated
               YOUR arrogance for far too long...just
               because you are the Pharaoh's son."

               CATO
               "The *second* son, and of a ruler who has so
               little power over his kingdom in the first
               place. I shouldn't be surprised—"

Cato pulls Neferu forward then slams him back against the pillar again,
causing more plaster to fall and the jackal's teeth to clack together loud
enough that I can hear it.

               CATO
               "You're all the fucking same, every single
               one of you, but somehow you're the worst I've
               yet to meet."

Again, Cato slams Neferu against the pillar, and I start to stand up,
wishing I had a nervo.

Neferu growls, trying another kick.

               CATO
               "Is this the next generation of Khemian we
               must deal with? I know you weren't alive for
               the war, but it seems another one is
               inevitable if you're an example of what's to
               come!"

Neferu tries to speak, but lets out a choked cough.

               CATO
               "Hmm?"

Cato loosens his grasp and Neferu gasps a few times.

               NEFERU
               "You...know...Amicus was...a bit less
               rough...but if you wanted to put your paws on
               me, you only had to—"

This time, Cato almost lifts the jackal off his feet, cutting Neferu off
with a horrific gag, like he's throwing up.

               CATO
               "I must say, you have a funny way of going
               about building an alliance. It's as if you
               thought tail-raising would get you whatever
               you wanted."

Now Neferu really starts to struggle, kicking around aimlessly, throwing
his head left and right, sending drool flinging from his muzzle.

Cato doesn't relent, and I know this is my cue to do something.

               CATO
               "It's been a while since I've killed a
               jackal. My paws have been itching to do it
               again. Maybe you'll be my next?"

I don't know what to do exactly.

I have no weapon, but I wonder if maybe I can at least distract the wolf
long enough for Neferu to get away, to breathe again.

So I run out of my hiding spot, rustling the branches and leaves as I do.

Cato is so focused on what he's doing to Neferu that he doesn't seem to
even hear me.

As I run at him, I can see the wolf grinning maniacally into Neferu's face,
like this really is something he's been wanting to do for a very long time.

He finally seems to hear me at the last second, turning his head in my
direction before I lower my shoulder to try and tackle him off of Neferu.

It's like hitting a brick wall covered in fur.

I make contact with the old man's side, and for a moment I get a whiff of
musk and perfume before I'm sent right back down on my ass.

I wonder for a moment if I've dislocated my shoulder, looking up in a daze
at what result my attack might have had, if any.

To my relief, I see Neferu on his paws and knees, gagging and coughing,
drool stringing from his muzzle.

Cato is standing slightly to the side, looking in my direction, over my
head, but he clearly knows where I am.

He only focuses on me for a moment though, then he turns his head in the
direction of the coughing jackal, Neferu crawling away at this point.

Cato makes his way towards him before drawing back a foot.

I can only reach out, not even having enough time to ask Cato to stop
before the wolf kicks the jackal between the legs.

He does it so hard that I see Neferu's knees skip off the ground for a
moment before he pitches face-first into the marble, on his knees and
clutching at himself as he lets out a howl of agony.

I cringe, immediately thinking of the time I kicked Amicus, and how much
harder Cato must have kicked Neferu.

I start to move towards them again, in case Cato thinks of doing anything
else, but the old wolf simply stands there, breathing heavily, head tilted
down as he listens to Neferu moan.

               CATO
               "For the kicks you gave me earlier...that
               should put your whoring out of commission for
               a few days, no?"

Neferu is curled up on his knees at this point, paws tucked into himself.

It's at this point that I see a gush of red liquid overflow from his
muzzle, and for one horrific moment, I wonder if somehow Cato had kicked
him so hard that he'd ruptured his organs, or something...

...but no, it's the wine, and it spills across the marble.

Cato wrinkles his nose at the retching sounds before carefully stepping
around the jackal.

               CATO
               "As I said, I won't withdraw my offer for you
               to stay, but there are many apartments open
               in the city...just know that you will not be
               able to take your new 'citizen' with you."

               CATO
               "Otherwise, I'd like to try this discussion
               again in the future, if you're willing to be
               more cooperative."

With that, the old wolf stalks out of the bedroom.

At the same time, two white drones float in, hovering over Neferu.

One lowers itself to the ground to begin cleaning up the mess while the
other holds out what looks like a couple capsules on a plate, which it
balances on a metal appendage.

               COMPUTER
               "Neferu, you seem to have vomited. Would you
               like anti- nausea medication?"

I stumble over to the jackal to kneel at his side and try to help in any
way that I can.

He simply keeps his eyes screwed shut, holding up a paw before returning it
to his sore spot.

Awkwardly, I rub at his shoulder, trying to ignore the smell as the drone
does its work of cleaning up the puke.

...

A few minutes later, I manage to help the jackal to the bed, his breath
ragged the entire way.

It's strange seeing him like this.

Usually so confident and in control.

I never expected anyone to do anything like this to him...but I guess if
someone was going to do it, it was Cato.

               MARCO
               "Are you sure you're okay?"

I ask for what's probably the third time as I sit next to him, and Neferu
manages a smile despite the clear pain he's in.

               NEFERU
               "Ugh...no, but I'll have to go to the
               physician to be sure...all the way in the
               city since Cato saw fit to imprison the
               palace doctor."

               MARCO
               "Do you need like...ice, or something? I
               dunno, he hit you so fucking hard."

               NEFERU
               "I'll manage. I just miscalculated. I'll know
               how to handle him in the future."

I frown, not really feeling like that's the case.

As I'm trying to help him though, Com's voice comes over the intercom
again.

               COMPUTER
               "Virginia requests access to your room,
               Neferu."

Neferu suddenly straightens up, moving his paws from his crotch to his
thighs.

               NEFERU
               "Granted."

She nods at the two of us before wrinkling her nose.

               VIRGINIA
               "Ugh, smells like rancid wine in here."

               NEFERU
               "Indeed. What did you need, Virginia?"

To my surprise, Virginia turns to me.

Instead of the hostile expression she'd been wearing the last time we'd
encountered each other, it's much kinder, much to my relief.

               VIRGINIA
               "Marco? I had a discussion with Cassius about
               seeing Amicus. He seems accepting of the
               idea, under one condition."

There's a pause.

               MARCO
               "What?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Well, he wishes to speak with you in
               private."

               MARCO
               "Private?"

Neferu immediately speaks up next to me.

               NEFERU
               "That is not wise, Marco. We should negotiate
               with him to allow me to be there."

Virginia laughs.

               VIRGINIA
               "You really think Cassius would allow a
               Khemian in on a private conversation?"

Virginia pauses, eying the jackal, Neferu currently still hunched up
despite his attempts to keep straight.

               VIRGINIA
               "What happened to you?"

               NEFERU
               "Nothing of note."

I raise an eyebrow, which Virginia sees.

               VIRGINIA
               "Marco, what happened?"

               MARCO
               "Well..."

I pause, watching as Neferu raises his own eyebrow, but makes no attempt to
stop me.

               MARCO
               "Well, Neferu pissed off Cato and Cato...hurt
               him."

               VIRGINIA
               "What!?"

               NEFERU
               "I was attempting to pry information from the
               old man about the staged trial...I was
               unsuccessful."

               VIRGINIA
               "Why did you even think you *could* be
               successful? Cato knows exactly what we're up
               to, no doubt. This is so unlike you; it
               jeopardizes everything, Neferu."

Virginia seems completely bewildered, and now that I think about it, I have
to agree.

What *was* Neferu thinking?

But then Virginia narrows her eyes as she sees the jackal grinning, now
openly covering his crotch.

               VIRGINIA
               "What?"

               NEFERU
               "Well, I may have not achieved *exactly* what
               I wanted, but I attained something just as
               valuable."

Neferu glances at the corner of the room, where his drone is.

               MARCO
               "You recorded it all?"

               NEFERU
               "Yes, and an attack on the Pharaoh's son will
               not look very nice on the Khemian news
               channels, will it?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Neferu..."

A dark tone enters the wolf's voice.

               VIRGINIA
               "That risks war."

The jackal rolls his eyes, adjusting himself rather lewdly.

               NEFERU
               "I would never actually send it, but Cato
               does not know that. It's simply convenient
               blackmail material if things don't go as
               planned."

Virginia squeezes the bridge of her snout, closing her eyes.

               VIRGINIA
               "You don't know Cato very well, do you...and
               neither do I. Sometimes I believe he *wants*
               another war. Did he hit you..."

Virginia's eyes drift lower.

               NEFERU
               "Yes. Anyway, he's no longer the emperor.
               It's Cassius I'd use it against."

               VIRGINIA
               "You know Cato is his advisor?"

               NEFERU
               "But still not the emperor. I would hope your
               brother has large enough stones—"

Again, the jackal adjusts himself.

               NEFERU
               "—to do his job and not listen to a war-
               mongering advisor."

               VIRGINIA
               "One would hope."

Virginia continues to look unconvinced.

I shift around impatiently next to Neferu.

               MARCO
               "So did he want to see me now?"

Virginia turns to me, again looking as if she had forgotten that I was
there.

               VIRGINIA
               "That seemed to be the case."

Neferu sighs loudly.

               NEFERU
               "At least try to convince him to allow you to
               be present, Virginia. I don't want Marco to
               be left alone with him."

               VIRGINIA
               "There is little to worry about. Cass is not
               Cato...but I can try."

Virginia looks to me.

               VIRGINIA
               "Ready, Marco?"

I quickly get up, following the wolf to the door.

I look back at Neferu, the jackal looking uncharacteristically disheveled
as he's still hunched up around his junk.

He gives me a meaningful look, probably meant to tell me to be careful, so
I give him a quick nod before following the wolf out the door.

We walk in silence, the only sound being the birds and the swishing of our
robes as we make our way through the halls.

I'm not sure exactly where we're going, but after a while, I realize it
must be the throne room.

I stare at the back of the she-wolf's head, contemplating a few things.

Virginia is the person I know the least about in this palace...which
probably means she's doing the best job at playing this little game.

I want to ask her a lot of things, but I'm worried about over-stepping
boundaries, something that seems rather easy to do with her.

As we get closer to that door, I can't help myself from asking at least one
question.

               MARCO
               "So do you...do you care that Amicus is in
               the dungeons? Like, you want to get him out
               not just because you want to be his advisor,
               right?"

Immediately, I see the wolf's ears flick back in...hopefully mild annoyance
and not extreme anger.

Her voice is steady when she answers me, though.

               VIRGINIA
               "First of all, it's not any of your business
               what my motivations are, Marco."

Virginia doesn't follow that up immediately, so we're left in an awkward
silence as we walk the last ten feet to the throne room door.

She pauses there and finally looks at me, her eyes narrowed.

               VIRGINIA
               "But Amicus is my brother, and for that
               alone, I love him."

               VIRGINIA
               "And though he's a complete dullard, he's one
               of the few to be genuinely kind to me in this
               palace. He is a good wolf."

Virginia turns away, raising a paw to hover over the black panel.

               VIRGINIA
               "But you would already know that."

With that, she presses the panel and the doors slide open.

I immediately spot Cassius at the other end of the cavernous room, looking
a bit small and insignificant on the extravagant throne.

Probably not the best impression for the emperor of Adastra to make.

As I'm thinking this, we begin to make our way toward him.

A drone hovers in front of the white wolf, holding up a screen under his
face.

He's not looking at it now though, instead narrowing his eyes at the two of
us as Virgina escorts me to the base of the steps.

               VIRGINIA
               "Here he is, brother."

Cassius shifts around in his seat, and for a moment, I think I catch sight
of some sort of booster seat under his rear.

               CASSIUS
               "Thank you, Virginia. You can leave us be,
               now."

Virginia hesitates, clasping her paws together in front of herself.

               VIRGINIA
               "...Brother, I would feel more comfortable if
               I were allowed to stay. I'd rather not leave
               you alone with an un-profiled alien."

Cassius snorts, waving his paw dismissively.

               CASSIUS
               "I've interacted with it many times before. I
               will be fine. If not, then the drones will
               take care of him."

Cassius makes eye-contact with me as he says that last part, clearly
meaning for me to take it as a warning...or a threat.

Virginia hesitates again, and Cassius's eyes drift toward her in question.

That's when the she-wolf bows deeply before turning away.

As she passes me, she gives me her own look, not unlike Neferu's.

*Be careful.*

I continue to face Cassius as I listen to Virginia's soft footsteps recede
behind me, then I hear the door open and close.

I keep my eyes low, on Cassius's feet, though I can tell he's looking
directly at me.

The silence drags on.

I wonder if the white wolf is using Cato's technique of using silence to
intimidate.

Finally though, he clears his throat loudly, almost making me jump.

               CASSIUS
               "First, I want to say that you may speak
               freely here. I only want the truth."

I look up at him then, and see that he's not looking at me anymore.

Instead it's to the side, as if he's lost in thought.

               CASSIUS
               "I'm confused as to how all of this could
               have happened, so know that if you speak the
               truth, you will be free from any
               consequences."

Consequences?

He's making it sound as if I've committed some sort of crime or
conspiracy...I mean, maybe I've been a part of some, but it's definitely
not my fault.

               MARCO
               "What do you want to know?"

Cassius's eyes flick to mine then, and I see mild surprise there.

He's still probably not used to an alien like me speaking directly to him
in full sentences.

He pauses again before resting his chin on a paw, clearly trying to look
casual.

               CASSIUS
               "Who exactly are you."

I raise an eyebrow.

               MARCO
               "Marco, you already know this."

               CASSIUS
               "I know your name, but I want to know more
               beyond that. What is it that you're doing
               here? How did my brother find you?"

Immediately, our conversation reaches a point where I find myself unsure of
what to say.

How much *can* I say to him?

Obviously I can't trust him at all.

I know that.

But I also know that he's in complete control over what happens to Amicus,
and there may be a few things I have to give up to keep my wolf safe.

So, I square my shoulders and look Cassius in the eye.

               MARCO
               "I want to know that Amicus is okay
               first...and I want to see him."

Immediately Cassius's demeanor changes from sour suspicion to sour fury.

               CASSIUS
               "Excuse me!? You aren't the one to make
               demands here! I am the emperor, and you will
               answer my questions!"

I get the vague sensation of my balls drawing up into my stomach as I
realize how dangerous all of this is.

My thoughts go to that physician...Felix, being sent to the dungeons
without a second thought.

But I know I have protections, and I have to trust them now if I'm going to
make any sort of deal with Cassius.

               MARCO
               "Yeah, but you're not *my* emperor. I answer
               to the Pharaoh."

I'm spitballing, but it seems to be working as it gives Cassius pause.

After a moment, it seems like he's able to collect himself.

               CASSIUS
               "So I've heard. But remind yourself that you
               are on Adastra, therefore you are to abide by
               our laws and customs, and lying to the
               emperor is punishable by death."

And again that feeling in my stomach.

But I have to remind myself; rules don't matter here, it's all about
playing their game.

I know that Cassius would never have me executed or imprisoned while Neferu
is here.

That would be far too risky for the empire as a whole.

I can't be intimidated by empty threats...even if they threaten my life.

If I want to help Amicus, I have to push the limits.

At least within reason.

I also remind myself that I'm not completely untouchable, as Neferu's balls
can attest to.

               MARCO
               "I just want to see my former master. If you
               can guarantee me that, then I'll tell you
               what happened."

Another long pause as Cassius just glares at me, then he lets out a little
huff.

               CASSIUS
               "Fine."

It's almost funny how he's still acting like a child despite now being the
emperor of Adastra.

So, I take a deep breath.

I consider lying, of course, but what Amicus did was an honest mistake...at
least in my opinion.

Lying will probably only make things worse when the truth should be so
understandable.

So I start at the beginning, how Amicus came upon the records of my people
in the archives, how he rushed to my planet to find a willing pet.

How everything suddenly went south when he found out far too late that we
were not part of the *Galaxias*, and finally how we tried to keep it all a
secret to keep the empire safe.

I emphasize the "keeping the empire safe" part, even if it wasn't
originally at the top my priorities.

I'm telling the truth, even if I'm stretching it a bit.

Cassius listens to all of this with various reactions; contempt, surprise,
anger, then contemplation.

I'm struck by the contrast between him and Cato.

While Cato keeps his emotions in check (aside from the occasional
explosions of rage), Cassius wears it all on his sleeve.

Not that different from Amicus in that way, even if his personality is.

When Cassius still doesn't say anything, I sigh.

               MARCO
               "It was an honest mistake. You've got to
               understand that."

               CASSIUS
               "I already know that it was a mistake; even
               Amicus would not make First Contact on
               purpose. I had just wondered what sort of
               stupidity caused it."

               MARCO
               "He had no reason to think we were un-
               contacted; we were recorded in the library,
               or whatever..."

Cassius suddenly shifts on his throne.

               CASSIUS
               "What are you? Species and planet name."

His last sentence has the inflection of an expectant demand.

Now I'm left to stand in silence.

No fucking way am I telling this wolf brat where I'm from.

Cassius must see this on my face immediately, because his fur once again
puffs out in anger.

               CASSIUS
               "Do you want to see Amicus, or not? I need to
               know this to verify that what you are saying
               is truthful."

               MARCO
               "Is that really why? I know what you wolves
               do to other aliens. Why would I give away my
               people like that?"

Cassius puffs himself up even bigger, and I wonder if he's going to start
screaming at me, then he suddenly just deflates.

               CASSIUS
               "The problem here is First Contact, yes? So
               why would I go out to find and...do whatever
               you think it is I'd do to your people? I have
               no interest in furthering the problem. I
               simply want to know."

               MARCO
               "But why do you care?"

Cassius snaps his eyes back up to mine.

               CASSIUS
               "Believe it or not, Marco, I am trying to
               help Amicus. Do you not know the consequence
               of such a crime? He could be executed for
               this!"

Now my heart does a backflip.

               MARCO
               "What!? Why?"

               CASSIUS
               "Because it is a sacred rule created by the
               parents! Disobeying them risks our entire
               empire to abandonment!"

               MARCO
               "But...you're the emperor. If you want him
               kept alive, can't you just do that?"

I feel myself starting to panic a little.

I'd thought that maybe Amicus would be kept in the dungeons for a while,
but never that he could be at risk of being executed.

               CASSIUS
               "...If it were only I that knew of
               this...maybe. But there are others that know
               of his crime, and they expect me to terminate
               all evidence of the First Contact."

Cassius stares at me, and I realize part of that evidence is of
course...me.

               MARCO
               "Are you talking about Cato? He's just your
               advisor, right? You can ignore him."

This time Cassius doesn't respond, looking away again.

               CASSIUS
               "If I can make the case that this was a truly
               honest mistake, then maybe I have a chance of
               convincing these...others."

               CASSIUS
               "Better yet, convince them that this wasn't
               First Contact at all. Are you even sure your
               people are completely unaware of the
               *Galaxias*?"

I start to say that I am pretty sure, but he's looking at me in a strange
way.

               MARCO
               "Um...our governments are pretty secretive.
               They might know something."

               CASSIUS
               "So it's possible that a crime wasn't
               committed at all, simply a misunderstanding,
               and knowing where you came from can help us
               determine that."

I'm a bit caught off-guard by all of this.

I guess I'd just expected Cassius to let Amicus rot in the dungeons while
he enjoyed his emperorship.

But I'm reminded of what Virginia had said earlier, that although they
might stab each other in the back, they're still siblings.

               MARCO
               "Didn't you once say that you don't care
               about the parents? Wouldn't it be part of
               your plan for them to abandon the empire?"

Cassius sighs deeply.

               CASSIUS
               "I've said many things, but I've found that
               once you become emperor, your perspective on
               things change."

               MARCO
               "Like...how much you need the parents?"

Cassius glares at me, so I just go on.

               MARCO
               "How would they find out anyway? Amicus said
               something about monitors? Obviously we can
               just talk about it out in the open without
               anything happening."

I look around, as if expecting a monitor to poke its head out from behind
one of the pillars.

               CASSIUS
               "I don't know, but what I do know is that the
               fewer who know, the better."

               MARCO
               "What even is a monitor?"

Cassius shrugs.

               CASSIUS
               "Again, I don't know. None have appeared in
               living memory...but that does not mean we
               should not be cautious. The risk is far too
               great."

I don't really understand this.

I feel like if the parents are as powerful and all-knowing as these aliens
make them out to be, then they probably already know I'm here.

Before I can bring this up to Cassius, though—

               CASSIUS
               "So what are you, and where are you from?"

I think.

He's right that it wouldn't make sense for the wolves to go after Earth.

It is technically the last thing that the empire would want, especially
with Cassius as emperor considering his isolationist views.

But most importantly, it could help Amicus.

I take a deep breath.

               MARCO
               "And if I tell you, you'll let me see
               Amicus?"

               CASSIUS
               "...Yes."

I don't like only being able to go on his word, but for some reason, I feel
like he's being sincere.

               MARCO
               "I'm a human, from the planet Earth."

               CASSIUS
               "Human...Earth..."

Cassius mumbles the words, the Lingua cutting off and allowing me to hear
the wolf's accented voice un-filtered.

He pulls the floating drone at his side toward himself, tapping at the
screen a few times, probably making notes.

It feels incredibly wrong at that moment, like I've betrayed all humans
somehow...but again, I can't see why it would put Earth in danger.

On top of that, I'm also counting on Amicus becoming emperor eventually,
and I know he'd never do anything to my planet.

I'm playing the game.

Cassius stares at the screen a while, and I shift around on my feet.

               MARCO
               "So...I can go see him now?"

He snaps his gaze up to mine.

               CASSIUS
               "Yes, now is best. Cato should not be back
               for a few more hours, but I can only give you
               twenty minutes, just to be safe."

               MARCO
               "Cato? What about him?"

               CASSIUS
               "What do you mean, 'what about him'?"

I want to ask Cassius why it sounds like Cato is in charge and not he
himself, but I know not to press those buttons right now.

               MARCO
               "Never mind. So, can I see him regularly?"

Cassius sighs loudly again, standing up.

               CASSIUS
               "If it's not often and you come to me
               first...and if Cato's away."

Yep, definitely not fully in charge.

Cato's clearly got some control over Cassius.

Either way, I'm too happy at the thought of being able to see Amicus semi-
regularly to care at the moment.

               CASSIUS
               "Anyway, Com, escort Marco to the dungeons to
               visit Amicus for twenty minutes."

That's when I remember I have other questions.

               MARCO
               "Wait, uh...do you have contact with the
               parents now?"

Cassius looks at me strangely.

               CASSIUS
               "Yes, we made contact after I became emperor.
               It was expected."

               MARCO
               "Oh! That's...good."

               CASSIUS
               "Indeed. Though we had to implement the
               traditional technique. It's a bit archaic,
               but highly effective."

               MARCO
               "Oh. So, do you have the stretch drive
               again?"

Cassius looks at me suspiciously.

               MARCO
               "Hey, I need to get home eventually, and
               you'd be getting rid of the problem if you
               got me there."

               CASSIUS
               "Well, no not yet, but I've only spoken with
               them a few times. I'll be meditating on that
               today. I'll keep you updated when we discuss
               things in the future."

               MARCO
               "You want to talk to me again?"

               CASSIUS
               "Yes."

Cassius then stalks off while a drone circles around me, telling me to
follow it.

I think about apologizing then for the whole nervo incident, but then I
realize if he's not going to mention it, then maybe I shouldn't either.

I realize then how strange the whole exchange has been.

Cassius had seemed like a whole different person...but I guess now he
thinks of me more as an equal...at least in terms of intelligence.

It makes him almost tolerable.

I'm lead to a part of the palace that I've never been to before.

We go through a small door, into a small room that has a small pit in it.

A ladder leads down into this pit, a pit that I can only imagine leads to
the dungeons.

The hole is dark, and as I pause, I can feel the drone hovering behind me.

               COMPUTER
               "Please proceed down the ladder, Marco."

I get a prickling sensation on the back of my neck, and I wonder for a
moment if this is some sort of trap.

I mean, of course it feels like a trap; I have a creepy AI nudging me
toward a pit of darkness, all set up by Cassius.

Despite the feeling, I force myself downward, shakily lowering myself to
the ladder, several times feeling as if I'm going to slip and fall.

I have no idea how deep this thing goes, but as I start to think it might
be a significant drop, my foot hits solid ground.

To my surprise, I get exactly what I had been expecting.

It's what looks like, well...a straight-up dungeon.

Dim, yellow lighting is cast across the stone walls and floor, the air
musty and stale, the halls quiet.

The air is cold and, fleetingly, I'm glad that Amicus has at least that.

And as I'm thinking this, I hear movement up ahead.

Shuffling footsteps and shadows being cast on the walls of the hallway in
front of me.

I take a few steps forward, but Com buzzes behind me.

               COMPUTER
               "Remain close to the ladder, please."

I stop and wait impatiently, wondering if what's up ahead is indeed Amicus.

Again, I get that creeping feeling that I've been betrayed somehow, that
what's up ahead is some sort of monster Cassius decided to feed me to.

Instead though, what turns the corner is...Amicus.

For a moment, my wolf stands there at the other end of the hall, staring at
me.

Then, before I know it, he's running at me.

I start to move forward, but Com tells me to stay put once again, more
firmly this time.

So I force myself to wait, watching as my wolf sprints at me.

As he gets closer, I open my arms and the next next thing I know, I'm
caught up in a mass of fur, warmth, and tears.

               AMICUS
               "Marco!"

I'm spun around in a circle, my face pressed hard against the wolf's neck
before I'm set down again.

Amicus doesn't let me go though, clutching me tightly to his body.

He'd sounded happy at first, but now I feel him gasp and shake.

               MARCO
               "Amicus?"

I pull back as much as he'll let me so I can see his face.

I see then that he's crying, not even trying to hide it as he looks down at
me with reddened eyes.

He looks...okay for the most part.

His fur is a bit disheveled, and maybe he's a little thinner, but otherwise
he looks healthy.

The most noticeable change is actually his smell; a hint of musk without
any scent of lavender.

Amicus is looking at me just as closely, and one of his paws comes up to
brush a thumb pad across my cheek.

It's then that I realize that I'm crying too.

So I press my face against his chest again and we stay like that for a
while.

After about ten minutes, our breathing is under control and the wolf's grip
on me loosens, though he doesn't let go.

Finally, Amicus is the first to speak.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, I am so, so sorry. What are you still
               doing here? You're a Khemian. You need to go
               to Neferu and tell him that you want to be
               taken home...or at least to Khemia."

His voice breaks.

               AMICUS
               "You need to get off of Adastra; it is not
               safe for you here. At the very least, have
               Virginia help smuggle you from the palace,
               you could—"

I reach up a hand and press it against his muzzle, both to stop him from
telling me to do things I won't be doing, and also because I feel like Com
is recording this, even if Cassius doesn't mean to monitor us.

Amicus pauses in surprise as I clamp his muzzle shut, then I see his eyes
well up again as he reaches up to cup my hand and press his face into it,
closing his eyes.

               MARCO
               "I'm fine...I'm here to...help you."

I choose my words carefully.

               MARCO
               "I'm GOING to help you, and I'm not leaving
               until I do."

               AMICUS
               "Marco—"

               MARCO
               "I'm not leaving."

               AMICUS
               "Please—"

This time, I bring my other hand up to his mouth.

               MARCO
               "I'm safe. Neferu is keeping me very safe.
               Nothing can be done to me. I'm a Khemian,
               now."

               COMPUTER
               "Ten minutes remaining, Marco."

Already?

Suddenly I'm pressed up against the wolf's chest again as Amicus hugs me
tightly.

               AMICUS
               "I'm such a damn fool. I never think of
               others. I ruined your life, and for what?"

               MARCO
               "No."

I press back again.

               MARCO
               "I know that I can leave with Neferu's help,
               but I'm choosing not to."

Amicus opens his mouth to say more, but I cut in before he can.

               MARCO
               "I want to be here, and I'm going to—"

I'm about to say "take down Cato", but I cut myself off.

               MARCO
               "—help you, even Cassius wants to. I'm gonna
               get you out of here no matter what."

More tears start to well up, so I just hug him and we stay like that for a
while.

I wish I'd thought of things to say...I'm sure there are things I could
have brought up that might have helped me, or Amicus...

...but my mind is blank as all I want to do is hold my wolf.

               AMICUS
               "Please, just...just don't involve yourself
               too much. Keep yourself safe. Being a Khemian
               doesn't guarantee all that if you...meddle."

I can hear Amicus trying to choose his own words carefully.

               MARCO
               "Yeah, Cato's already shown me that."

Amicus jerks back, looking at me.

               AMICUS
               "Did he do something to you?"

               MARCO
               "Not me, Neferu."

               AMICUS
               "What happened?"

               MARCO
               "Uh...Neferu was kind of being...forward, and
               he got kicked in the nuts."

               AMICUS
               "What!?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah."

               AMICUS
               "But he's the Pharaoh's son..."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, so I know that I need to be especially
               careful."

The look of shock on Amicus's face slowly changes to one of slight
amusement.

               AMICUS
               "Well, that's something I can't imagine."

               MARCO
               "It was definitely something."

I'm glad to see Amicus smiling at least a little.

               COMPUTER
               "One minute."

I feel a flash of annoyance at the AI before Amicus is hugging me tightly
again.

               MARCO
               "I'm going to be careful...I'm just gonna
               help everyone figure out how best to clear
               your name."

               AMICUS
               "I love you...so much."

               MARCO
               "I love you, too."

               COMPUTER
               "Time limit has been reached. Please proceed
               to the ladder, Marco. Please proceed to your
               cell, Amicus."

Amicus's embrace doesn't loosen and instead, he lowers his head to kiss me.

I kiss back.

               COMPUTER
               "Please untangle your limbs and oral cavities
               and proceed to your respective directives."

Amicus huffs in annoyance before drawing back.

               MARCO
               "And I'll be back! I just need to ask Cassius
               for the right times."

               AMICUS
               "Alright, there's much more I want to say to
               you, so please...return soon, if you possibly
               can."

               MARCO
               "Of course! As soon as I can."

Amicus gives me a small smile, and though I see tears in his eyes, they
don't overflow this time.

The journey back to Neferu's room is when it all hits me at once, and I
have to constantly wipe my eyes in case someone like Alex, Neferu...or Cato
comes around the corner and sees me.

I already desperately miss Amicus, and now that I've just left him, I'm
reminded of how alone I feel now that he's not always by my side.

Next time I visit, I'll bring a bunch of stuff to say, do, and eat.

I can't imagine the dungeon food is any good.

Maybe we can find more privacy next time, and we'll be able to plan things
out, maybe pass information on to him somehow.

The thought of this makes me feel a little bit better, and my eyes are
mostly dry as I near the jackal's room.

It's at that moment that I get a strange wiff of something in the air.

Like...mothballs?

That's all that comes to mind.

It's something that I've never smelled in the palace before, so I find
myself pausing in the hallway, looking around.

Nothing seems out of place.

It's quiet and bright, as it usually is, but that's when I realize where I
am.

There's a door to my left, and I immediately know that's the meditation
room.

I remember then that Cassius mentioned that he wanted to meditate, to talk
to the parents.

Is he in there doing that right now...and is that smell part of it?

I'm reminded of the night I first met Amicus, that I'd smelled something
like burning rubber in the air.

This isn't that, but I have to wonder if maybe the...parents emit this odd
smell when they arrive?

I stand there for a while, listening.

I don't hear anything, but that smell continues, and I know now that it's
definitely coming from that room.

My eyes are squarely locked on the black panel.

I want to open it, but I know I can't.

If Cassius really is in the middle of talking to the parents, I could ruin
everything.

So, I start to turn away, deciding that I'll ask Neferu what might be going
on in there.

But as I do, the door opens, and a cloud of billowing, white smoke comes
out.

I gasp and jump back, seeing a figure standing in the doorway.

It's Cassius, and he's hacking and coughing, gasping for breath.

I can see that he's shaking too, and I'm about to back away when he locks
eyes on me.

His eyes are wide, bloodshot, and I can see what looks like vomit on his
chest.

His muzzle hangs open, as if trying to talk to me.

He's hyperventilating though, and that's finally when I step forward.

               MARCO
               "Cassius...are you okay?"

I have to walk into the cloud to get to him, and I'm enveloped in that
chemical smell, immediately coughing out the acrid smoke.

               CASSIUS
               "H—h—help...me..."

Cassius reaches out to me and I catch his paw.

Immediately, he slumps against me and I stumble under his significant
weight.

Nowhere near to that of Amicus, but he is a wolf after all.

               MARCO
               "What happened?"

I try to peer into the room, but it's so smokey...I see what looks like a
little fire in the middle though, a pot burning something inside.

Did...did Cassius hotbox himself with something?

               CASSIUS
               "P—P—Parents...demons..."

I don't know what to do.

At first, I start to try and pull Cassius along toward Neferu's room, but I
immediately switch course, deciding that I definitely won't make it.

Amicus's room is closer.

I just hope I can still get in there.

               CASSIUS
               "I can't...I can't..."

Cassius whines and then suddenly lets out a retch.

I try to ignore it, just kind of hoping that someone else will come around
the corner to help me, even if it's Cato.

As I'm thinking this, I realize that the hall seems to stretch further and
further ahead of me.

The light takes on an odd quality, strangely sharp and bright...and just
like that, I instantly fall into what feels like a dream.

               MARCO
               "Goddammit, what were you smoking?"

               CASSIUS
               "Parents!"

Cassius squeaks.

I'm angry, not just because this dumb wolf got me high on who-knows-what—

—but because I'm realizing that this is what Cassius was referring to when
he said the "traditional technique" of contacting the parents had worked.

All he was doing was getting high on some DMT shit.

Is this how it's always been?

Are the wolves...all the aliens just getting their crazy parent ideas from
some drug?

The hall continues to extend ahead of me, and suddenly I feel like I'm
looping in time, like time doesn't matter at all anymore.

I can see why Cassius is panicking; I'm starting to myself.

After what seems like an eternity, I manage to find Amicus's door.

Shakily, I reach out and press the panel, the door sliding open.

I practically throw Cassius onto the bed.

He seems to have stopped blubbering at this point.

I collapse onto the sofa, my anger at the wolves and so-called parents
dissipating from my mind as the high increases.

I raise my hands in front of my face and immediately regret it as they
start to stretch and bend.

Quickly, I jerk them back to my chest, hugging myself, trying to keep my
breathing under control.

It feels like I'm sinking into a crater, like the ceiling is raising up
above me, and that time won't start moving again.

I gasp and clutch at the cushions, shutting my eyes, trying to calm myself
down.

               COMPUTER
               "You seem to be worried about something.
               Wanna stress tablet to help you out?"

That voice...sounds kinda like Com...kinda not.

               MARCO
               "I—"

               COMPUTER
               "They help you chill."

               MARCO
               "Wha—"

My confusion over Com's voice melts away as mercifully, darkness takes
me...

I'm relieved to find myself back up in space.

I float; content, calm, happy, even though I sense someone watching me,
just behind me...