All this talk of Drusus, of his and Marco's apparently fixed destinies.

That decision that wolves fawned over for generations, no matter what
opinion they held about Drusus himself.

The choice offered by the parents to either save his empire, or save his
lover.

Icy, cold fear and dread blooms in the pit of Amicus's stomach and slowly
spreads throughout the rest of his body, seeming to leak like a frigid
liquid down his groin and into his legs.

The wolf feels his limbs tremble as he pulls the human closer to his chest,
lips drawing back as instinct kicks in to protect his mate.

For a long while, a length of time that's hard to discern, the wolf simply
stares into the abyss.

He looks up into the swirling stars, clouds, and planets, trying to see...

...trying to see these things that are controlling and manipulating him and
his lover.

Trembling, Amicus shakes his head, taking another step back, away, even
though the presence of the parents is all-encompassing.

               AMICUS
               "N—no..."

Amicus's jaw clenches, hating himself for sounding so weak and afraid.

Remembering who he is, the wolf squares his shoulders, glaring up into
space.

               AMICUS
               "No! I won't make such a decision!"

For once, the unseen place in which the parents reside is silent, but
clearly observant; Amicus can feel the prickle of their all-seeing eyes on
the nape of his neck.

               AMICUS
               "Y—you hear me!? I won't do it! I'll...I'll
               stay here forever if I have to! You can't
               involve us in this foolishness!"

Marco suddenly shifts in his grasp, his head turning awkwardly, leaning up
in a strange way that seems unnatural, as if pulled up by strings.

Amicus flinches back, feeling a chill run up his spine as he tries to stop
himself from dropping the human he knows so well.

               MARCO
               "Foolishness?"

Marco stares at him with an expression that Amicus has never seen him make
before.

It's cold and almost dismissive, an expression Amicus has never seen him
make before.

               MARCO
               "How does this situation, in which the lives
               of a trillion sapients teeter on the brink of
               annihilation, call for such childish
               statements? Tell us, in what universe would
               attempts to avoid such a catastrophic outcome
               be considered 'foolishness'?"

The human suddenly tilts his head in an unnatural way, leaning in closer to
the wolf and Amicus gasps, setting a large paw against Marco's face, trying
to stop the strange, *inhuman* movements.

               AMICUS
               "S—stop that. Don't hurt him!"

The human holds the position for a moment, then seems to slowly relax back
into the wolf's arms.

Amicus feels his heart pounding in his chest.

He'd provoked...well, not even anger from the parents, maybe just
annoyance, yet the experience had been terrifying.

Seeing Marco twist and contort in such a way was unnerving, sure, but the
parents had meant to do it, and the wolf is beginning to realize why
they're using Marco as a puppet.

Anger and fear battle for control over the wolf, before the latter finally
wins out, remembering what type of decision he might have to make.

               AMICUS
               "Please, there must be another way, I
               can't...I can't choose between these two
               things!"

There's a pause in the air, and Amicus feels his knees about to give out,
preparing to throw himself at the imaginary feet of these monolithic
beings.

He'd beg until the end of time, wolven pride be damned.

               MARCO
               "What decision do you speak of?"

Amicus glances up again at the stars.

               AMICUS
               "The—The decision presented to Drusus...the
               one decided for him by Meera ten millennia
               ago."

Amicus frowns, knowing that the parents already know what he's talking
about, becoming further distressed that they're making him vocalize things
that are so obvious.

               MARCO
               "Oh, Amicus. Don't you know the proclivity of
               your own people to twist and distort, to
               aggrandize and romanticize the truth?"

Amicus is quiet, waiting, heart still hammering, simply feeling numb at
this point.

               MARCO
               "Do not rely on wolven myth to inform you of
               parental intention. Only We will speak the
               truth to you."

Amicus lets out a little growl, anger overcoming fear again.

               AMICUS
               "Then what is it? Why torment me like this?"

Several moments of silence pass and Amicus growls again, frustrated at the
way he's being treated, how his emotions are being manipulated and sculpted
like a mound of clay.

This isn't what he'd been taught at all.

Had his father known the parents to be like this?

His grandfather?

Amicus wishes that he'd been warned, somehow.

As the silence drags on, the wolf tries to deaden his emotions, to not give
these entities any sort of hint as to what he might be feeling, wanting to
refuse this blatant attack on his own agency.

Despite how futile he knows that must be.

               MARCO
               "You can bring back your lover. At this very
               moment time stands nearly still on your
               plane. Marco's body and mind are still
               salvageable."

Amicus's heart feels as though it might leap from his mouth, his hold on
Marco tightening.

               AMICUS
               "How—"

               MARCO
               "But only if you submit yourself to the
               benevolent will of the parents..."

...

               MARCO
               "Will you?"

Amicus furrows his brow in confusion, unsure of what this all could mean.

               AMICUS
               "But...I've already done so, ever since I was
               a pup we've been told to—"

               MARCO
               "After this experience your mind will waver.
               You're unsure as to what our intentions truly
               are. There will be moments in which you will
               want to question, to doubt our will..."

               MARCO
               "You must overcome such moments. Our will is
               what is best for the *Galaxias* and the
               universe as a whole."

Amicus stares for a moment.

               AMICUS
               "And if I don't agree?"

               MARCO
               "Then we shall let the human pass on as he
               naturally should, and we shall wait for a
               future emperor to take your place."

Amicus shakes his head, not wanting to believe this is true, that this is
the way that the leaders of the *Galaxias* function.

               MARCO
               "It must be done."

The wolf is quiet, for once wishing that he isn't in such a position,
wishing that he could hide away in the quiet countryside with his human, to
live a normal life...

               MARCO
               "That is not your calling. It never was."

               AMICUS
               "I know."

Amicus whispers, more to himself than the parents.

There's a long moment of silence in which Amicus simply stares into space,
contemplating what it means to give up any true freedom, to submit himself
to the absolute authority of the galaxy.

               MARCO
               "Will you submit?"

Amicus takes a deep breath.

               AMICUS
               "Will...will my decision affect Marco's free
               will? You said you have plans for him as
               well."

               MARCO
               "He will be allowed to make his own decision.
               We will tell you of his mission once you make
               *your* decision."

Amicus stifles another growl, hating that his human is being forced into
this as well.

               MARCO
               "Will you submit?"

Amicus closes his eyes, feeling his anger and resilience slowly drain away.

Then he opens them.

               AMICUS
               "I submit."

Blue light swirls in front of my eyes in intricate, spiraling tendrils.

It's beautiful, and as I begin to focus, I see a blurry, gray shape in the
middle of it all.

Even before I'm fully able to see him, I know it's my wolf.

I smile and reach up, cupping at the warm, furry form.

At some point along this little journey, I've stopped caring about whether
the things I see are real or not.

I'm just happy that I'm seeing him.

He smiles down at me.

               AMICUS
               "Hey."

               MARCO
               "...Hey."

I lie quietly in his arms for a while, just enjoying the comforting, blue
glow.

I'm reminded of when I first met Amicus, when our ship stalled out in the
blue dust cloud, when he'd finally revealed to me his botched plan.

That feels so distant now, like it was years ago, rather than just months.

I take a deep breath, and something about it feels strange, almost like
something mechanical is moving in my neck.

I reach up, touching my fingers to my throat, and for a moment they brush
against something that feels like a thin line of flesh.

But Amicus reaches down to move my hand away, pressing it to my chest
instead.

               AMICUS
               "You're alright. You're gonna be fine now."

               MARCO
               "What..."

That's when I also realize that my voice sounds strange.

It still sounds like me, but there's something slightly off about it, like
it's a little higher, maybe even just a little robotic.

I frown.

Amicus presses against my chest firmly, comfortingly.

               AMICUS
               "It's okay, I know it might feel a bit
               strange, but you won't even notice it after a
               few days."

What is he talking about?

Again, I lay quietly in his arms as I gather my thoughts.

The fight, the dagger, the darkness, the parents, then...

I look up at Amicus in question.

               MARCO
               "What...what happened?"

I try to ignore the strange, soundless, mechanical clicking feeling in my
throat, while also trying to get used to my voice.

It's like hearing myself in a recording; just not quite right.

Amicus chuckles, sounding exhausted, relieved, and maybe even a little sad
at the same time.

               AMICUS
               "Quite a bit happened, Marco."

               MARCO
               "But the parents. I thought they wanted us to
               meet them?"

Amicus's gentle smile wavers for a moment.

               AMICUS
               "Well...they did. I met them."

               MARCO
               "What? I don't remember..."

I rack my memory, but nothing comes to mind.

               AMICUS
               "You, uh, you lost consciousness when it
               happened."

I frown at that, wondering why that would happen, but Amicus doesn't offer
an explanation.

I look down at my chest, and instead of the coating of blood I expect to
see, I'm clean and bare, aside from a few, small wet spots on my chest.

I suppose Amicus had been a bit more emotional before I'd woken up.

I look back at him, then press my face against his body, and he responds by
hugging me close to his chest for a moment.

               MARCO
               "So it's over? They decided to bring me
               back?"

My voice is muffled against his fur.

My strange, not-quite-right voice.

Amicus loosens his hold on me, allowing me to look back up at his face.

               AMICUS
               "Yes. It's over."

The tension that I'd held in my chest ever since I arrived, ever since
being abducted from my bedroom in Italy, it all releases slowly.

For once, I feel light and free, and I sag in the wolf's arms, sighing
deeply.

Even now, I'm starting to get used to the new feelings in my throat.

               AMICUS
               "I love you."

               MARCO
               "I love you, too."

I smile up at him, and despite everything being over, I can't help but
notice that he seems a bit sad, too.

I rest a hand against his chest.

               MARCO
               "You alright?"

Amicus laughs loudly, shaking my entire body.

               AMICUS
               "Aside from nearly losing everything I hold
               dear, I suppose I'm alright, yes."

I try to sit up, but Amicus keeps me reclined gently, but firmly.

               MARCO
               "You sure? You seem upset."

The big wolf sighs deeply, and I feel his torso puff out against my side
and shoulder.

               AMICUS
               "There are...things I must tell you, but
               later. It's not important right now."

That tension that had been so mercifully loosened in my chest suddenly
appears again, albeit in a much smaller way.

I want to ask more, but for now I just want to rest.

               MARCO
               "Well...as long as I'm not gonna pass out and
               wake up completely confused again. I feel
               like that's all I've been doing the past
               month."

Amicus huffs in amusement.

               AMICUS
               "Yes, you do have a knack for such things."

We go quiet again, and it's a nice kind of quiet.

We're both just basking in the peaceful aftermath of our months-long
struggle.

After a while though, my wolf meets my eyes again.

               AMICUS
               "Marco?"

               MARCO
               "Yes, Amicus?"

               AMICUS
               "I'm sorry."

               MARCO
               "Sorry?"

               AMICUS
               "For everything, for taking you from your
               planet, for involving you in Adastran
               politics, for acting as if I knew better.
               Even if it was part of the parents' plan, it
               doesn't make it right...and I'm sorry."

               MARCO
               "Plan?"

Amicus lets out a small, tired laugh, shaking his head.

               AMICUS
               "Again, I'll tell you later. Let's just be
               together for now."

I nod in agreement, ignoring the clicks in my neck, clinging to my wolf,
happy to be in this quiet little corner of the universe, undisturbed by
politics, mad emperors, or monolithic space entities.

The following days are...strange, to say the least.

After what happened in the amphitheater, the wolven population has
seemingly taken great interest in me.

I guess I'm sort of a celebrity at this point.

I got my first taste of this while lounging in the dining room, only half-
paying attention to the screens when I realize that it's a reenactment of
the Trial by Combat between Amicus and Cato.

My character, portrayed by a small wolf wearing a rather uncanny human
mask, jumps in at the last second to plunge the dagger into Cato's back.

He's then stabbed directly in the throat by Cato (instead of slashed) and
stands for several seconds, clutching his neck while "Amicus" tears out
Cato's throat, then arrives just in time to catch "me" as he swoons back.

I have to stop watching at this point, the memories of what happened too
fresh and traumatizing for me to see played out, even if it's terribly
acted out.

While I suppose it's nice to be liked by the general population, I can't
help but feel it's for the wrong reasons.

I'm definitely being portrayed as a noble savage of sorts; so in love with
my "master" that I broke the rules to save him...or I just didn't
understand the rules well enough to abide by them.

Either way, it makes me feel kind of uncomfortable.

Meanwhile, Amicus is kept busy, of course.

The quiet moment I'd had with him in the archives is actually the last
really long moment alone I've had with him since.

Almost immediately after, Amicus is whisked away to various ceremonies and
meetings as everything becomes official.

Amicus is the emperor now, and he seems to be taking to it rather well,
especially after the incredibly stressful events preceding it.

His personality has always been silly, and a bit immature, but after taking
the throne, he's taken on a persona of a cool, calm, leader.

It's a side of him that I've seen occasional flashes of, and while I'm
happy to see him fitting the role so well, I can't help but feel a bit sad
that he has to quash that playful, outgoing side of himself.

I suppose it's one of those parts of having to grow up.

I try to stay out of his way for now, knowing he has so much to do, but on
the second day after the trial, I'm told by Com that Amicus wants to speak
with me.

I open the door and immediately hear Virginia's voice, raised slightly in
annoyance.

               VIRGINIA
               "No! Lux is the city in desperate need of
               funds right now. *Lex* is doing very well."

               AMICUS
               "Well, I'm sorry, but the names are rather
               similar, are they not? I meant Lux anyway."

               VIRGINIA
               "Even if you meant it that way, I can
               guarantee you the triumvirates won't be
               pleased hearing you mistakenly refer to which
               city they are from!"

               AMICUS
               "Alright, alright! Calm down. I'll be sure to
               remember that...and don't yell at me in front
               of the triumvirates, please. You'll only give
               my critics more weaponry if I'm seen allowing
               my own sister to treat me in such a way."

               VIRGINIA
               "All the more reason not to make mistakes
               then."

The two seem to realize that I'm there finally, and cease their argument.

               AMICUS
               "Marco! We were just finishing our
               conversation."

               VIRGINIA
               "Were we? I'm going to drill you on all of
               this again on our flight to the city."

Virginia makes her way past me, pausing to rest a paw on my shoulder.

               VIRGINIA
               "Maybe I should put you in charge of my
               brother's studies. At least he listens to
               you."

The she-wolf rolls her eyes before disappearing through the door, leaving
us in silence so that Amicus's big, heavy sigh seems to resonate through
the entire room.

               AMICUS
               "Gods, she's relentless."

               MARCO
               "Isn't that a good thing?"

               AMICUS
               "I suppose, but it doesn't make it any easier
               to deal with."

Amicus is walking towards me and immediately takes me up into a deep hug,
followed by a kiss.

I kiss back, feeling Amicus's tense body relax against mine, and I feel
happy at the idea that I might be able to relieve his stress so easily.

He finally draws back, smiling as he does.

               AMICUS
               "How have you been? I know I've been rather
               absent lately, but—"

               MARCO
               "I know, official business and everything.
               I've been okay. Just trying to adjust to the
               all the new."

I sweep a hand around me, then hesitantly bring it to my neck, the wound
that the parents had somehow healed, my trachea and vocal cords having been
replaced and repaired with...something.

I try not to think about it, and I've gotten used to it for the most part.

               AMICUS
               "Well, I hope you've been adjusting smoothly,
               then."

Amicus brushes a paw through my hair, looking me over.

               MARCO
               "What was it you wanted to talk about?"

Amicus pulls his paw back, and the look on his face starts to worry me.

               MARCO
               "Is it about what happened with the parents?"

At this point in time, I know that something involving me happened while
I'd been unconscious.

For whatever reason, I'd been kept unaware of the conversation that
happened between Amicus and the parents.

Amicus nods, rubbing an arm awkwardly.

               AMICUS
               "Er, yes. It's rather complicated, so it may
               take a moment for me to explain it all."

The wolf guides me to the sofa, and we sit side-by-side as Amicus drapes an
arm around my shoulder.

Over the next few minutes, he tells me of the deal he made with the
parents, that he'd submit himself to their will, if only to bring me back
to life.

It's a similar decision that I had to make, and I shake my head.

               MARCO
               "I don't like that. Why are they doing this
               to us?"

Amicus shrugs loosely against me, shaking his head as well.

               AMICUS
               "I honestly don't know, but I can tell you
               that my view of them has changed quite a bit
               since what happened."

               MARCO
               "So what, now you have to do whatever they
               say or...something bad happens to me?"

Again, my hand drifts up to my neck, wondering if there's something more to
the mechanics in my throat.

An irrational part of my mind wonders if maybe there's some type of self-
destruct mechanism built into it.

I shudder at the thought of my throat suddenly exploding.

               AMICUS
               "I...doubt that, but I feel that maybe they
               would make it difficult for us to stay
               together if I did. Our meeting together...it
               was planned by the parents."

This was something I'd sort of assumed on my own, but I still bristle
nonetheless.

               MARCO
               "See? They're using our love against us. This
               is...this is just fucked up."

Amicus just nods quietly, but draws me closer with his arm around my
shoulders.

               MARCO
               "So they just...draw us together. I was like,
               the most compatible human to you so now they
               can make sure we do as we're told so we can
               stay together?"

Again, Amicus is quiet, just holding me.

               MARCO
               "I don't like this."

               AMICUS
               "Neither do I."

               MARCO
               "So if your job is to bring the *Galaxias*
               together...what's my job?"

Amicus takes another slow, deep breath, which only spikes my anxiety.

I realize that the release I felt in the archive room was only temporary.

In retrospect, I suppose it was a bit silly that I thought everything would
be fine after Amicus became emperor.

This is only the beginning.

               AMICUS
               "Well, this is what I wanted to talk to you
               about."

I wait, feeling Amicus steel himself for what he's about to say, and I feel
my anxiety grow.

How bad could this actually be?

Then, he lets out the breath with a rush of words, seemingly trying to get
the explanation out all at once.

               AMICUS
               "The parents told me that your mission is to
               begin the process of integrating humans into
               the *Galaxias*."

I'm only starting to absorb that when Amicus takes another breath and
starts another slew of words.

               AMICUS
               "They want you to return to Earth and
               complete a series of steps to begin the
               integration process, a process that will
               take..."

Amicus suddenly winces, as though the words themselves hurt.

               AMICUS
               "...that will take around eight years to
               complete."

That last bit takes the longest for me to comprehend.

Eight years?

               MARCO
               "Eight years? Like, I'll have to go to Earth
               for eight years and...do a bunch of crap to
               bring my planet into the *Galaxias*?"

Amicus nods, and I see the deep sadness on his face.

This explains why he wasn't exactly happy after we'd escaped the parental
dimension.

I find myself at a loss for words, even though there's so much I want to
ask.

Amicus tries to fill the silence:

               AMICUS
               "Your planet won't be...conquered, or
               anything. Rather you're already on a sibling-
               like level. You're unique in that you aren't
               exactly a sibling species, but you won't be
               under the control of another civilization, if
               that makes sense."

               AMICUS
               "Aside from the parents, of course."

That's a relief, I suppose.

Though the more I learn about the parents, the more I'm unsure about any of
this.

While I'd once worried about the wolves invading Earth, I'm not sure I'd
want the parents to be doing the same.

The way we're being...*used* like this, like we're just a pair of tools.

It makes my skin crawl.

               MARCO
               "And the eight years? Will I just...will I be
               able to see you?"

I see the corners of Amicus's muzzle dip down deeply into a frown before
stubbornly pulling back up, the way they often did when he was trying not
to tear up.

               AMICUS
               "No, but I discussed with them those
               supplements that we take to extend our
               lifespans. You'll be able to take them, to
               make those eight years seem more negligible."

The way Amicus is talking; fast-paced and upbeat tells me that he's trying
to make this sound like it isn't a huge deal at all...but it is.

               MARCO
               "Eight years..."

The arm around my shoulder brings me into a full-on hug now, pressing my
face against his chest.

               AMICUS
               "I know. It seems like a long time, and it
               is, but after that...we'll be free."

Amicus's voice is strained, like there's a heavy weight on his chest.

We both know we won't.

               MARCO
               "And I'm gonna have to do all of that alone?
               Couldn't you come help me?"

Now I sound like a child.

I can see Amicus's eyes glistening, but he stubbornly continues to smile.

               AMICUS
               "You won't need my help. You're fully capable
               on your own. Besides, we'll see each other
               again as soon as your series of planned steps
               are completed."

Over the course of eight years.

               AMICUS
               "And once we reach that point, we'll be able
               to finally relax and—"

               MARCO
               "But will we?"

I'm still trying to absorb the idea of a years-long mission, a mission that
involves introducing all of Earth to the idea of sapient life beyond our
planet.

That idea is harrowing enough, but after being strung along by the parents
like this, I have to wonder...

               MARCO
               "It seems like after we accomplish every
               step, there's a bigger one right after."

I feel my heart rate pick up, but rather than becoming angry, I'm feeling
kind of desperate.

               MARCO
               "How much more are they gonna ask from us?
               This whole thing is just...puppeteering.
               We're not in control of anything at all!"

               AMICUS
               "Marco..."

Amicus reaches out to me as I stand up.

               AMICUS
               "Please, I know this is hard. I've been
               trying to figure out a way not to drag you
               into this, but the parents seem intent—"

               MARCO
               "This isn't fair, though! We paid our
               dues...I fucking DIED!"

Again, I sound like a little kid.

I can't help myself.

This really isn't fair at all.

I didn't ask for any of this.

Originally, I had Amicus to blame.

He was the one that brought me here in the first place.

Now though, knowing that everything was planned and orchestrated by the
parents...I feel powerless, like I didn't have any choice from the very
beginning.

               MARCO
               "I don't even have a say in this..."

               AMICUS
               "But you do! I haven't gotten to that part
               yet."

Amicus has his paws raised, and I can see that he's still trying to hold
back tears.

I want to lash out at something, but I know this isn't his fault,
especially now, so I try to calm myself, taking a few deep breaths and
swallowing hard.

               AMICUS
               "They told me that you can make a decision,
               just as I made mine."

I'm quiet for a moment, still breathing heavily.

               AMICUS
               "You can choose not to accept the mission.
               They will not force you to do it. We have
               around nine months before the mission
               begins."

I stare at the wolf, letting those words sink in.

               MARCO
               "And...and if I don't accept? What are the
               consequences?"

That deep frown returns to Amicus's face.

               AMICUS
               "Well...they won't provide transport back to
               Earth. Of course, I'll likely be able to set
               it up for you now, but considering that the
               integration will be delayed...I would be
               disallowed from returning to see you."

More manipulation.

I clench my hands into fists, willing the parents, wherever the fuck they
are, to feel my anger toward them for doing this to us.

I half-expect my throat to just explode right then and there and send a
shower of blood over Amicus who's still sitting in front of me.

               MARCO
               "So either I do what they say, or I never see
               you again?"

               AMICUS
               "Well...you could choose not to return to
               Earth. I am not suggesting that be your
               decision, but it is one of the
               possibilities."

I look away, never having been so unsure of what to do in my life.

This all feels so wrong.

I'd always felt wrong about the parents, but I'd never suspected *this*.

               MARCO
               "I—I need to go think about this."

I'm starting to turn away when Amicus abruptly stands up.

I think he's going to come after me, maybe wrap me up in another hug.

Instead, he keeps his paws behind his back, looking at me with an
expression of stoic duty.

               AMICUS
               "Alright, I'll be heading out to the city for
               part of the day to visit with a
               triumvirate...and whatever you choose, Marco,
               I will fully support you."

It takes me a moment to realize that Amicus is using his "official" face
right now, and it's strange to have him use it on me.

Even though I know he's doing it to make things easier for me, to not sway
my decision based on his emotions, I hate that he has to do it.

I shake my head and turn away, walking out of the room even as I hear
Amicus make a strangled noise as he cuts himself off and holds back from
saying whatever he was going to say.

I walk briskly through the hallways, trying to gather my thoughts.

I just...want to spend time with Amicus, go back to Earth, see my family,
come back to Adastra...

But no, these parents are meddling with my life, seemingly rendering every
choice I make meaningless.

If they can do all and see all, why are they messing with me and Amicus
like this?

I feel another hot flash of anger toward them as I turn a corner and run
smack into something soft, furry, and white.

               ?????
               "Oof! What in the name of the gods!?"

It takes me a moment to recognize the voice, probably because of how
disoriented I am from running into him.

               MARCO
               "Sorry...Cassius."

I finally focus on the indignant wolf as he angrily smooths down his fur.

               CASSIUS
               "Watch where you're going! You could have
               knocked me to the floor. You know what a
               catastrophe that could result in!"

Despite his outrage, I'm actually kind of happy to see Cassius back to his
old self.

Just two days ago he was bed-ridden, though recovering.

A combination of Virginia inducing him to vomit and a quick delivery of an
antidote left Cassius in a position to fully recover.

               MARCO
               "Hello to you too, Cass."

Cassius fixes me with a narrow-eyed glare.

               CASSIUS
               "Since when did I give you permission to use
               my shortened name, human?"

I shrug, simply adjusting my robe after having it disheveled from the
collision.

               MARCO
               "How are you feeling?"

               CASSIUS
               "Changing the subject, I see. Well never
               mind. I'm feeling fine, thank you. I can at
               least eat solid foods now without retching,
               though I doubt I'll ever be able to drink
               wine again without doing so."

               MARCO
               "I'm sorry to hear that."

               CASSIUS
               "I'm sure you are."

I shake my head, wondering why the wolf has to be so sour all the time.

Maybe it's a side-effect of always being second-in-line for everything.

I see something similar in Neferu, they just go about handling it
differently.

Maybe it's also because of his illness, always seen as weak and needing
help, and he reacted by being a dick.

Then again, it could just be because he *is* a dick.

               MARCO
               "So, uh, what are your plans now that—"

               CASSIUS
               "—Now that I've abdicated the throne and am
               leaving in disgrace?"

               MARCO
               "You're not leaving in disgrace, I think the
               people are going to be really—"

               CASSIUS
               "I'm already being made fun of for being one
               of the shortest serving emperors in the
               history of the empire. I'm the main topic in
               all of the comedies at the moment."

               MARCO
               "Ah."

Cassius takes in a deep breath, closing his eyes.

               CASSIUS
               "Anyway, Marco, I wanted to thank you."

I almost get whiplash from the sudden change in tone and topic.

               MARCO
               "What?"

               CASSIUS
               "Oh, don't make me say it again. I'm simply
               thankful for you putting the empire on a
               course that is...somewhat tolerable, at
               least."

               MARCO
               "As opposed to being ruled by Cato?"

               CASSIUS
               "Yes. While I might not believe that my
               brother is what is best for the empire, at
               least he cares for it, and I suppose that's
               all that I can hope for."

               MARCO
               "Weren't you negotiating a position with
               Amicus?"

Cassius looks at me suspiciously, though I have no idea why.

I suppose having almost being assassinated and also being sabotaged by
everyone in the palace has made him a bit wary.

               CASSIUS
               "I suppose he'll tell you anyway, so yes, I'm
               looking to become the Chief of Social
               Affairs."

He rolls his eyes at my lack of reaction.

               CASSIUS
               "In other words, I will be making sure that
               Adastra's most vulnerable are taken care of,
               that all will someday receive the financial,
               social, and especially medical care that they
               need."

I perk up.

               MARCO
               "Oh good! That's kind of what you were all
               about with your campaigning, right?"

               CASSIUS
               "Yes, it will be nice to focus all my energy
               on that rather than the bothersome politics
               that come with being emperor. I don't envy
               Amicus."

He eyes me closely.

               CASSIUS
               "I know you're very close with him, so
               please, if I must ask anything of you, it's
               to make sure that he does not forget those
               outside the Triumvir Cities."

               CASSIUS
               "Their situation is desperate, and if we are
               truly going to reap fortune from an alliance,
               then they should be the first to benefit, not
               the Adastran elites."

It's one of those rare moments that Cassius is being completely genuine
with me, so I nod earnestly.

               MARCO
               "Of course."

I also plan on making sure that Amicus remembers the wolven children, and
to right the wrongs of what the past rulers had done to them.

There's a lull in the conversation, and I try to think of something to say,
to thank Cassius for in return.

               MARCO
               "And, um, thank you for understanding our
               position, for deciding to step down when we
               asked."

               CASSIUS
               "You threatened me with outright humiliation
               if I did not."

I try to hold in a sigh of my own at the wolf's frustrating attitude, even
if my attempt at some form of diplomacy with him was clumsy.

               MARCO
               "Yeah, well, thanks anyway."

Cassius grunts noncommittally, then looks past me.

               CASSIUS
               "Anyway, I must be going to the city. I have
               an appointment."

That's when I remember Alex.

I never did see Cassius's reaction to finding out about the cat's
treachery.

Amicus had been furious when I told him, and I'd practically had to hold
him back from marching out into the gardens and strangling the cat himself.

He was especially furious when I told him that I'd made a deal with Alex to
keep him from facing the consequences of sabotaging the entire empire.

Amicus had settled on banishing Alexios from the palace, to some high-
security apartments in the center of Adastra City.

Cassius has been visiting him there ever since.

While I don't know what the state of their relationship is, I suppose even
high treason isn't enough to stop Cassius from seeing the cat again.

They must be pretty close, even closer than I'd initially thought.

I'm curious, but stop myself from asking, as I know that would only lead to
more glares and sneers from the wolf.

So instead I bow and step aside, a bit surprised when Cassius bows in
return, even if it's mostly just a half-hearted nod.

I watch the white wolf disappear out through the main entrance, and I wait
a few moments before taking the same route out into the gardens.

While the conversation with Cassius had distracted me for a bit, my mind
wanders back to what Amicus had just told me.

I can't stop the feeling of constriction that seems to wrap around me,
bound to the will of these supposedly all-knowing creatures.

I sit for a while on a bench, contemplating everything while my hand
absently caresses my repaired neck.

I'd pressed a bit harder against the skin a few times, and didn't like the
unfamiliar shapes and edges that I felt.

I'd asked Amicus how the parents had done it, how they had the time to
place the machinery in my neck, and also make me start breathing again.

But it turns out it's one of those parental-tech things that no one really
understands.

It seemed to have happened instantaneously, as if I'd been whisked away
somewhere else to have surgery before being placed back in the archives.

Apparently when Amicus's father had asked the parents to restore Cato's
sight, it had just happened overnight, the old wolf surprising everyone
when he walked into the dining room with his brand new visor.

That had been over a decade ago.

And that gets me wondering why the parents did that if they knew Cato would
go on to do the things he did.

He blatantly got in the way of their plans.

Why would they let him hold such an influential position in the empire, let
alone restore his vision?

*Interference is to be kept to a minimum* — I can practically hear the
monitor say.

I sigh, just sort of wishing that the parents didn't exist at all, that
this *Other* wasn't eating at the edges of our universe, which is
apparently the root of all of this.

That's something else that I don't understand.

From what I gathered, the *Galaxias* had already known about the Other,
just vaguely.

Amicus had almost described it to me when I first arrived here and had been
told that all life originated from the same source...except for the Other.

A different type of life, so different from *us* that we can barely
understand *them*.

But now we know that they're out to get us, or something.

I just can't help but feel so distant from all of this, the result of the
struggle between us and them being millennia away.

We don't even know *how* many millennia.

As I'm becoming more and more depressed over all of this, I hear footsteps
on the path.

I look up, half-expecting to see Alex, even as I remember he's been
banished from the palace.

It's Neferu, and he's strolling along the pathways, paws behind his back
with his usual suave smile plastered on his muzzle.

I have to wonder how he keeps that expression on all the time, as it's
clear he doesn't see me until he comes a bit closer.

When he does spot me, his ears flick up and I get a glimpse of white teeth
as his smile broadens.

I smile back, even though I'm not in the best mood to chat at the moment.

Still, I scoot over to make room on the bench, and Neferu greets me with a
bow along with a "Ahhotep be with you" before he sits next to me, crossing
one leg over the other.

               NEFERU
               "Beautiful day."

He says it wistfully, and I just nod in agreement.

               NEFERU
               "Though I can see that you're not enjoying it
               as much as I am. Is everything alright,
               Marco?"

I'm about to give him a generic answer before I sigh, leaning back on the
bench.

               MARCO
               "No...no, not really, Neferu."

               NEFERU
               "Ah, I find that a bit surprising considering
               the way things have gone the past few days."

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "I mean, aside from almost dying, I guess
               everything here is good, but out there—"

I nod up at the sky, at space.

               MARCO
               "I just don't know what to do."

               NEFERU
               "Perhaps I could offer some advice?"

               MARCO
               "Uh..."

I remember that Amicus had told me to keep the revelations about human
civilization a secret, at least until the parents give further instruction.

               MARCO
               "I don't know. I think I'm just stressed
               about going home, about how I'm gonna do it,
               ya know?"

               NEFERU
               "Ah, I definitely understand, for I am in a
               similar boat. Unfortunately, I have little
               advice on that particular matter."

I glance over at him, watching as he rhythmically bounces a black foot
about, wiggling the toes and claws.

               MARCO
               "Is Khemia still pissed about what happened?"

               NEFERU
               "Oh yes, furious. They're still threatening
               to cut all diplomatic relations with Adastra
               if Amicus doesn't make things right somehow."

               MARCO
               "Make things right?"

               NEFERU
               "Yes, despite the fact that my family very
               nearly despises me, they actually despise
               that our name has been sullied by wolven
               disrespect."

               MARCO
               "How you were almost executed?"

               NEFERU
               "That, and also the fact that Cato released
               the footage of his attack on my person before
               the scheduled execution. It's been in heavy
               rotation on the news channels ever since."

               MARCO
               "Oh..."

I haven't watched much Adastran TV after seeing the reenactments of my own
death, so I guess I've been missing Neferu getting kicked in the balls over
and over again.

               MARCO
               "Uh...well, you know wolves. They just like
               any sort of drama."

               NEFERU
               "It's been spread across the entire
               *Galaxias*. I suppose seeing a Khemian in
               such a position is rather amusing to
               everyone, siblings and children alike."

I look over at Neferu again, but his light, care-free demeanor continues as
he simply seems to be soaking in the scenery.

               MARCO
               "Are you doing alright?"

Neferu looks at me then, smile becoming a bit more warm.

               NEFERU
               "I am fine, Marco, but if I'm being truthful,
               I *am* embarrassed, but that's nothing new
               for me."

I frown.

               MARCO
               "I can count the number of times I've seen
               you embarrassed on one hand, Neferu. You're
               downright shameless."

I smile to lighten the words, and Neferu just chuckles.

               NEFERU
               "You probably know by this point that I'm not
               often genuine. It comes with being a diplomat
               and the Pharaoh's son."

There's a lull in the conversation as we both just watch the gardens,
listening to the birds and watching the bees hover from flower to flower.

That's when I'm reminded of something.

               MARCO
               "So...what made the Khemians want to start an
               alliance? Isn't it pretty groundbreaking for
               siblings to work together. Like isn't that
               against the purpose of the *Galaxias*?"

I play dumb, like I don't already know it isn't.

Neferu quirks an eyebrow at me.

               NEFERU
               "That's a surprising question. Well, to put
               it simply, we studied the earliest histories
               of the *Galaxias* and came to the conclusion
               that it was never the intent of the parents
               for us to be competitors."

               NEFERU
               "If you don't know, the goal of a sibling
               race and its children is to achieve parental
               status. To do that we must be able to achieve
               intergalactic travel."

               NEFERU
               "We're...slowly realizing that this may not
               be possible without the cooperation of all
               sapient life in the Galaxy."

I nod in understanding.

So it seems like the Khemians were already hip to this grand plan, either
by actually figuring it out themselves, or with the help of their own
parent.

This makes me wonder if they might know more about the thing lingering on
the edges of the universe.

               MARCO
               "Do you know much about the Other?"

Now Neferu turns on the bench to really look at me, furrowing his brows.

               NEFERU
               "Another interesting question. Did you have
               some sort of experience with the parents when
               they healed your wounds?"

               MARCO
               "Uh, yeah, kind of. Just really vague stuff,
               so I'm just curious about it is all."

I try to make it sound like it's not a big deal.

               NEFERU
               "Hmm...well, it is an...entity that spreads
               through the universe every few billion years.
               It originated from somewhere other than the
               original source of life, the source from
               which we all came."

His choice of words is confusing me.

               MARCO
               "Is it like, alive?"

               NEFERU
               "Is it alive like you and I? No, not really.
               It is more of a...machine, I suppose. On the
               edge of life, but it needs sapient life to
               exist."

               MARCO
               "Oh, like a virus?"

               NEFERU
               "Yes, though even viruses originated from the
               original source. The Other is truly something
               different."

               MARCO
               "And it feeds on life? Our life, I mean?"

               NEFERU
               "First I should say that what we know about
               it is very, very limited, and the majority of
               that information is likely wrong; really just
               ghost stories."

               MARCO
               "Well, what are these ghost stories?"

Neferu sighs and I realize that he's not exactly interested in this topic.

               NEFERU
               "How to put it...well, it's thought that in
               the half dozen or so times that the Other has
               spread through our part of the universe, it
               has left behind small, patchy portions of
               itself."

               NEFERU
               "It is technically all around us, but very
               weak, though it is thought that highly
               concentrated portions of it attach to
               tangible things, or occasionally pass through
               us."

I feel a little tingle down my spine.

               MARCO
               "And what does it do?"

Neferu shakes his head.

               NEFERU
               "I'm sure your people have stories of
               phenomena that are unexplainable? Perhaps an
               abandoned building that is inhabited by
               malicious spirits? Possibly a creature that
               defies all logical explanation, yet
               sporadically appears in a particular forest?"

               MARCO
               "Wait, like supernatural stuff?"

I give the jackal an incredulous look, and he shrugs and laughs.

               NEFERU
               "So the stories say."

               NEFERU
               "They also say that sapient consciousness is
               used by the Other to project these
               manifestations, and that the sapient's
               reaction to these projections feeds the
               entity."

               NEFERU
               "Personally, I feel that the legends
               surrounding the Other are simply a catch-all
               for anything that is feared, or poorly
               understood...or just the product of a bored
               society."

I think back to what little I know about ghosts, monsters...even aliens or
UFOs, and immediately, the idea is too ridiculous for me to accept.

               MARCO
               "Why haven't I heard of this while I've been
               here?"

               NEFERU
               "You probably have, but just didn't
               understand the topic at the time. Either way,
               it's never a serious worry on anyone's mind
               considering how rarely this entity makes
               contact with our side of the universe."

I just stare at the ground, not really sure of what to say.

Like Neferu, I find myself not very interested in the topic anymore, and
our discussion moves on.

We talk of Neferu's plans; when he might return home, and how I might help
him secure the alliance.

Eventually, he gets up to return to his room for a nap, leaving me to sit
on the bench in silence.

If I'm being honest, the conversation has left me feeling even less
convinced by this intergalactic war the parents are apparently getting
ready for.

It sounds more like we're getting ready to fight off an army of space
ghosts rather than anything real.

I sit there for a long while, opening my mind a bit, kind of hoping that
the Monitor will swing by and dump a little more information on me that I
can work with, even though I know that's not really in his nature.

Things stay predictably quiet, and as I'm thinking about heading back to
Amicus's room to see if he's returned, Com's voice makes me jump.

               COMPUTER
               "Amicus would like to let you know that he is
               currently in the bath, and if you would like
               to, you can join him. However, he wants to
               make it explicitly clear that it is your
               choice and that if you need more time—"

               MARCO
               "Thanks Com, I'll head there now."

               COMPUTER
               "Yes, Marco."

I immediately spot Amicus as the door slides open, and I see the wolf jolt
up from leaning back against the edge of the pool before quickly leaning
back again, raising a paw casually.

I walk through the steamy air to stand behind Amicus, next to the bench and
he looks back at me with a gentle smile.

               AMICUS
               "Soak with me?"

I nod wordlessly and slip out of my robes and underwear before walking to
the edge of the pool.

With a little hop, I dip in quietly all at once, mostly used to the
scalding temperature at this point.

As I come up, Amicus reaches out to me and I press up next to him, fitting
against the curve of his chest in that familiar, easy way.

               MARCO
               "How was the meeting with the triumvirates?"

               AMICUS
               "Good, good. Lots of seemingly pointless talk
               and etiquette, but as you and I know, it's
               necessary."

               MARCO
               "As long as there aren't any riots."

               AMICUS
               "Yes, as long as there aren't any of those."

We sit in the hot water for a while, and I enjoy the way it makes my
worries seem so far away, locked behind the doors to the bath.

I should do this more often.

But, of course, it's the main thing on Amicus's mind right now.

He clears his throat nervously.

               AMICUS
               "Um...how did thinking about, uh...I mean,
               did you make your deci—no, sorry..."

Amicus trails off in the most awkward way possible, and I laugh a little
bit, though it's more of a sad laugh.

               MARCO
               "A little, but...I really don't know, Amicus.
               I just..."

               AMICUS
               "Do what you feel is right—"

               MARCO
               "The whole reason we met is because of this
               purpose they've given me, and I really don't
               want to cause delays, or drag some other
               human into this, but something feels really
               off about this."

Amicus nods.

               AMICUS
               "Well, I don't believe that you should be
               forced to take on duties that were thrust
               upon you without your consent. It's cruel,
               and I want you to choose what you feel is
               right."

I give Amicus a look.

               MARCO
               "Hasn't that been *your* whole life?"

               AMICUS
               "Well...yes, but I'm talking about *you*."

I smirk.

               MARCO
               "Oh, I see. The silly, dumb ape who can't
               handle big boy responsibilities."

Amicus's reaction to my teasing is instant and visceral.

               AMICUS
               "No! I would never—"

               MARCO
               "Sorry! I was just kidding. I shouldn't make
               fun about that."

Amicus settles back again, still looking concerned.

               AMICUS
               "It's alright. I just don't want you to ever
               feel that way again."

Amicus sighs deeply.

               AMICUS
               "Also, I do believe we would have met somehow
               even without the parents intervening."

Now I really give Amicus a look.

               MARCO
               "Seriously?"

               AMICUS
               "Of course. Something this special can't be
               stopped by the likes of time and space."

Amicus starts pulling me into his body, nuzzling me.

               MARCO
               "Anyway, I'm not completely sure yet. I need
               time to think about it, and we do have nine
               months."

               AMICUS
               "Take your time, but...but on the off chance
               that you do choose to go, you must promise me
               one thing."

I feel a little apprehension at that.

               MARCO
               "Yes?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, eight years is quite a while for a
               human lifespan so, I know you rejected them
               initially, but please start taking the life-
               extension medication."

               AMICUS
               "There is a formula especially for primates.
               I need you around for as long as I am,
               Marco."

I realize then how well Amicus is taking this whole 'eight years' thing,
and I have to wonder if he's just trying to make it sound less bad than it
actually is.

Eight years is a long time, whether you're a human or a wolf.

I'd actually forgotten about the lifespan-extending medication after Amicus
had told me about it.

For whatever reason, extending my life by decades, even hundreds of years
didn't really appeal to me.

Even now it doesn't really, especially after what I experienced in the
Greater Intelligence, but if it makes Amicus happy...

               MARCO
               "Of course."

And yet time seems to move faster than ever.

This is on top of the fact that nine months is quite a few more days here
on Adastra than it would be on Earth.

Still, the days fly by, and I think it mostly has to do with my life not
being in peril anymore.

I'm not dreading a trial, or fight that will determine my future.

Now it's more of a slow burn that just blends together.

Life in the palace becomes routine again.

I have my own little schedule that involves gardening, and watching certain
programs on Adastran TV that I've actually grown to tolerate.

I start to study, using Com as my teacher to learn as much as I can about
Adastran and *Galaxias* history.

I even have enough time to start learning the Language.

Apparently they never bothered to name their own language, which is a very
wolven thing to do.

But as I'd noticed when I first arrived, it's nearly identical to Latin
back on Earth.

This makes it fairly easy to pick up considering I studied some Latin back
in school, and I learned a good deal of Italian before my trip.

Amicus thinks it's a bit odd I want to learn, considering I have the
lingua.

And while I've become used to life in what's basically a dubbed film, I
can't help but feel like it's a filter of some kind.

I'd like to get past that, hear Amicus and the others as they are.

And if I'm going to spend most of my life here...

I've already started taking the supplements to extend my lifespan, which
means I could be alive for a lot longer than I'd ever imagined.

Though, Felix says that, at most, I might get about 100 extra years out of
the treatment, rather than the 200 years or so that the wolves get because
I started taking them when I was already an adult.

Still, it's a lot, and while I'm sure most people on Earth would be
desperate for this supplement, I strangely feel a bit exhausted by the
idea.

Living 150 to 200 years really changes one's perspective on time.

Maybe that's one of the factors that makes it seem as if the days are going
by so fast.

The worst part about it is that I don't get to spend very much of it with
Amicus.

It's something I had expected, anticipated, even.

But I can't help but feel a little depressed that I only see him for a
second in the morning when he kisses me goodbye, then late at night to have
dinner with me, exhausted by his imperial duties.

While Cassius mainly lounged around during his short rule, I also know now
that Cato was doing nearly all the work behind the scenes.

And while Virginia would be more than happy to do the same, Amicus isn't
the type to be lazy like that.

Speaking of which, it's not just Amicus; while his absence would be
bearable if I had at least *someone* to talk to that isn't Com, everyone
else seems to have become just as busy.

Neferu, my only real friend on this moon aside from Amicus, is usually off
doing diplomatic stuff in the city, his mission to secure an alliance now
fully in motion.

Virginia is always by Amicus's side, especially now that the populace has
grown used to the idea of a woman in a chief advisor role.

And while I've never really connected with her, it would still be nice to
have some kind of company.

I mean, even Cassius would be a welcome distraction, but the white wolf
left a few months back to tour the more impoverished regions of Adastra so
that resources might be better allocated.

And it also turns out that he left with my former best Adastra friend,
Alexios.

Cassius left us all somewhat stunned when he did this; doing important
social work while a known spy and saboteur, one that could be blamed for a
lot of damage to Adastran society, is by his side.

Amicus was adamant on deporting Alexios on the first ship back to Omorofa,
but Cassius talked with him, and I guess he'd been convincing.

Amicus simply sent a few extra guards to keep a close eye on Alex.

When I'd asked about this, Amicus only told me that the cat is powerless
now, unable to connect with his homeworld due to all communication with
Omorfa having been blocked after the scandal—

—one that involved many more actors than just Alex.

It doesn't sit right with me though, the idea that Alex caused so much pain
for so many people, yet he's facing no consequences.

Sure, I'd made that "deal" with him to free Amicus, but he really shouldn't
still be here.

I already know though, that it has more to do with Cassius's relationship
with the cat, and I don't doubt that the white wolf had compared their
situation to ours so that he could better convince Amicus.

Even if it was incomparable.

So now even Alex has something to do, a role to fill, and I'm the one
that's left feeling useless and alone in the palace.

While I know I'll have a special position once I start my own mission, I'm
supposed to keep a low profile until then.

The only job I have right now, over the course of the entire nine months,
is to decide whether or not I'm going to play the role the parents want me
to.

And while that's well and good, as it's a decision that will affect the
rest of my life, I also sort of expected to be given more information over
the course of my waiting period.

But no, infinite space remains quiet, and the monitor isn't breaking in
through my consciousness to give me tips on what to expect.

So I'm left pulling the endless weeds in the gardens, waiting, wondering,
as unsure of my future as I've ever been...

               AMICUS
               "Marco."

I crack open my eyes, seeing the large silhouette of Amicus in the dimmed
lighting of the bedroom.

               AMICUS
               "Good morning."

I smile and reach out my hands, expecting the usual hug and kiss before
he's off for the day.

Instead though, he sits on the bed next to me, running a paw through my
hair gently, pushing it back away from my forehead.

               AMICUS
               "Your fur is a mess."

               MARCO
               "I mean, I did just wake up."

               AMICUS
               "Mmmh...It's cute."

Amicus continues to brush his fingers and claws through my hair.

I watch him for a moment, a bit confused.

               MARCO
               "You alright?"

               AMICUS
               "Very much so."

I look over at the curtains, seeing the soft light of dawn creeping around
the edges.

               MARCO
               "Don't you have to go to the city?"

               AMICUS
               "Nope."

               MARCO
               "Okay...do you have the day off? You're
               acting a little odd."

               AMICUS
               "Ah, so you don't know."

               MARCO
               "Know what?"

An irrational part of me begins to wonder if the nine months is already up,
even though the last time I'd calculated it out, I still had four months
left.

               AMICUS
               "I'm honestly glad you don't. I was hoping to
               surprise you."

I close my eyes in only the slightest amount of frustration.

               MARCO
               "Amicus, please just tell me. You know I
               don't like—"

I hear rustling from the wolf in front of me, and I open my eyes to the
sight of a bouquet of flowers being held out to me.

Like last time, it's dominated by lavender and its smell surrounds me, a
smell that my brain has exclusively tied to my wolf.

Meanwhile, white and pink flowers along the edges compliment the purple.

I stare at it in surprise, unsure of what to think or say.

Amicus fills the silence.

               AMICUS
               "Happy Lover's Day, Marco."

The wolf continues to hold out the bouquet insistently, so I finally reach
up and take it, noticing that it looks much nicer this time versus Amicus's
first bouquet.

               MARCO
               "O—Oh! Thank you."

               AMICUS
               "You're welcome!"

I sit there holding the bouquet awkwardly for a few seconds, noticing the
stems dripping slightly on the blanket, so I hold them out over the edge.

               MARCO
               "So is this, uh, some kind of Adastran
               holiday?"

               AMICUS
               "Indeed! To celebrate those who you love and
               cherish, and for me, that is you, Marco. I
               love you."

Though I'm still feeling a bit dazed at the unexpectedness of it all, I
manage to smile.

               MARCO
               "You too, Amicus. Um, I kind of wish I'd
               known...I didn't get you anything."

Amicus waves his paw dismissively in the air.

               AMICUS
               "Pff, the flowers are simply a human touch
               that I knew you'd appreciate. Besides, this
               isn't a gift-giving occasion, it's a go-out-
               and-enjoy-yourself occasion!"

Amicus stands suddenly, reaching out his paw to me.

               AMICUS
               "Come! I have the entire day planned out,
               just you and I. No Triumvirs, diplomats, or
               advisors to bother us."

I take his paw, smiling as I realize how this has seemingly come just in
time for me.

I've been feeling so lonely and bored in the palace, this is exactly what I
need.

I hold the flowers to my chest, smelling them, not caring anymore that
they're all wet.

               MARCO
               "What do you have planned?"

               AMICUS
               "Ah! That's also a surprise. I'd like to
               leave in the next few minutes though, so get
               dressed, and don't worry about showering."

               MARCO
               "Alright."

I move toward the dresser to grab my robes, but as I'm doing so, there's a
loud knock at the door.

Amicus's cheery mood drops for a moment as he lets out a frustrated sigh.

               AMICUS
               "Com, who's at my door?"

               COMPUTER
               "Neferu is at your bedroom door, Amicus."

Amicus closes his eyes for a second, then opens them again, smiling at me.

               AMICUS
               "One moment, probably just wants to wish us a
               good Lover's Day..."

               AMICUS
               "...or something."

Amicus strides over to the door while I quickly pull out a clean robe,
pulling it over my body as the door opens.

               AMICUS
               "Neferu. Did you need something?"

               NEFERU
               "Hello Amicus...and Ahhotep be with you,
               Marco."

Neferu pokes his head around Amicus's bulk which the wolf is clearly trying
to use to shield me from view, even though I'm already in the process of
tying my robe on.

               MARCO
               "Ahhotep be with you."

I mumble back, nodding in the jackal's direction.

               AMICUS
               "What was it you needed?"

               NEFERU
               "Well, *you* are needed by the council. The
               Khemian ambassador and Vizier arrived an hour
               ago, and they requested we begin our meeting
               at once."

               AMICUS
               "Wha—No!"

Amicus lets out a groan of frustration, leaning his head back and tilting
his muzzle toward the ceiling.

               NEFERU
               "Didn't Com notify you? I've been waiting in
               the carriage for fifteen minutes. Virginia's
               already there."

Neferu leans sideways slightly to look at me again.

               NEFERU
               "Am I interrupting something?"

               AMICUS
               "It's Lover's Day! I cleared my schedule
               weeks in advance for this!"

               NEFERU
               "Oh, is it? Hm, well, I suppose I would have
               no reason to know, eh?"

Neferu winks.

               NEFERU
               "Anyway, you know how poorly schedules match
               up when the stretch drive is used. Simply bad
               luck."

               AMICUS
               "Bad luck, indeed."

All the while, I feel the slight sinking sensation of disappointment.

I can't really say I've been looking forward to this considering I didn't
even know it was a thing, but in the couple of minutes I knew about it, I
was really looking forward to it.

Amicus turns then, gaze softening as he spots me standing in my disheveled,
half-tied-on robe.

               AMICUS
               "I, uh..."

I shrug in what I hope looks like a nonchalant manner.

               MARCO
               "It's alright, I understand. We can do
               something any other time."

               AMICUS
               "Marco..."

I suppose I'm not doing a very good job of not looking just a little upset.

               MARCO
               "I mean, I'm happy with just this—"

I pick up the bouquet of flowers I'd set on the dresser, inhaling the scent
again.

               MARCO
               "The fact that you did all this in the first
               place means a lot to me."

Amicus goes on frowning at me, clearly not buying it.

Then he snarls.

               AMICUS
               "Fuck!"

Neferu raises a brow.

               NEFERU
               "Poor language for an emperor, Amicus."

Amicus ignores the jackal, keeping his eyes on me.

               AMICUS
               "This is the only meeting I'll have all day.
               It shouldn't last too long, and then we'll
               still be able to do most of what I planned."

               NEFERU
               "I wouldn't plan on that. This is a very
               important—"

               AMICUS
               "I know, ja—Neferu, but it won't last all
               day. Anyway, Marco, come with me. That way,
               as soon as the meeting is finished, we can
               immediately go to our private dinner."

               NEFERU
               "You're bringing Marco? Didn't you say we
               should be keeping his profile low?"

               AMICUS
               "It's Lover's Day. No one will be at the
               university."

I raise my hands.

               MARCO
               "I don't want to cause any problems. I can
               just wait for you here—"

               AMICUS
               "You are causing no problems. You will be
               accompanying me to the city. As my lover you
               should be at my side during Lover's Day."

               AMICUS
               "Erm, if you so choose."

At this point, anything sounds better than staying in the palace, so the
decision is pretty easy.

               MARCO
               "Alright, yeah, let's go."

Amicus looks somewhat relieved, letting out a breath before reaching out to
take my hand, walking us out into the hallway while Neferu follows behind.

               AMICUS
               "I promise it will be quick, and I'm sorry.
               Sometimes it's just hard to..."

Amicus seems to struggle to find his words.

               MARCO
               "I understand. You're the emperor. Besides,
               it's not fair for me to be upset because my
               boyfriend is spending more time on his
               emperor duties than me."

               AMICUS
               "I would understand if you were."

               MARCO
               "I just hope it won't be like this forever."

               AMICUS
               "It won't be. We're simply at a turning point
               in Adastran history. When...When you return,
               and when everything settles, we will have
               much more time to ourselves."

My stomach lurches slightly at being reminded that I have my own job to do,
one that I'm not looking forward to.

I glance back at Neferu, wondering if he should be hearing any of this, but
the jackal seems to not be paying attention to anything, his expression
distant as his lips move silently.

It looks like he's reciting something.

I look forward again, leaning against Amicus as we head outside toward the
carriage.

I already start feeling a lot better as our mechanical carriage creaks
through the forest, the peaceful, eerie green calming any irritation I
might have felt with the whole situation.

Amicus has me pulled against his right side, fitting me in that familiar
way as I rest my head against his shoulder.

To Amicus's left, Neferu sits with his legs crossed, an elbow on his knee
and his chin in his paw.

I notice Neferu and Amicus not attempting to make conversation with each
other, not even glancing at one another.

I think it's pretty clear at this point that Amicus and Neferu just don't
really mesh well, their personalities too different.

Which I guess is fine, as long as they're not fighting anymore.

Neferu seems to have stopped his silent chanting, so I take the opportunity
to ask him a question, leaning forward to look around Amicus's front.

               MARCO
               "So what's going on with this Khemian
               ambassador and, uh, the other thing you
               mentioned? If you can tell me, that is."

The jackal glances at me before shifting into a position that more directly
faces me.

               NEFERU
               "The vizier? He's the highest official
               serving under the pharaoh. As for the
               ambassador, Adastra hasn't had a Khemian
               ambassador since the war."

Amicus grunts.

               AMICUS
               "I'll point out that Khemia was the first to
               expel the ambassador."

Neferu maintains a straight face.

               NEFERU
               "And we are the first to reestablish one."

               AMICUS
               "As it should go."

               MARCO
               "Well that's good."

I talk a little louder than usual, trying to stop an argument before it can
happen.

               MARCO
               "So are they going to help establish an
               alliance?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, along with smoothing over Adastra-
               Khemia relations in general. The ambassador
               will be here for the long-term. The vizier—"

Amicus glances at Neferu, but the jackal simply leans back, looking out at
the forest again.

               NEFERU
               "—the vizier will depart back to Khemia
               within a week, which is why negations must
               begin at once."

               MARCO
               "And you said this is taking place at a
               university?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, there are a few Khemia experts
               there...and I suppose Khemians find places of
               learning more comfortable to negotiate in."

Amicus glances at Neferu for confirmation.

               NEFERU
               "I believe it has more to do with Adastran
               academia being a more friendly entity
               compared to the political departments, or
               palace."

Amicus smirks.

               AMICUS
               "Indeed, the last bastion of Khemaphiles."

Neferu rolls his eyes before they settle on me again.

               NEFERU
               "Oh, and remember our conversation about the
               Other? This university is famous for
               supposedly being absolutely infested."

I raise an eyebrow.

               MARCO
               "So it's haunted?"

Amicus frowns.

               AMICUS
               "Are you serious? Have you been filling his
               head with the ghost stories of students,
               Neferu?"

               NEFERU
               "I have."

               MARCO
               "Don't worry, I don't really believe it."

I lean back against Amicus, deciding that we can't really have a
conversation without the two canines butting heads.

The university is in a secluded area outside the city, mostly surrounded by
forest.

The gardens and paths are well taken care of, and it reminds me of a more
classical-looking version of the palace.

Amicus was right; I don't see a single person on the campus.

Our carriage rides up the main path to the largest-looking building that's
front and center.

We park in front of the building next to a few small aircraft before
getting out and heading inside.

For a moment, I'm in awe at the size and architecture surrounding me,
especially the amount of sculptures spread throughout the halls.

Amicus immediately begins talking to me though.

               AMICUS
               "Go ahead and make yourself comfortable.
               There should be screens in most of the rooms,
               and down those stairs, you can find games of
               amusement—"

               VIRGINIA
               "Amicus!"

Amicus jerks his head away from me, looking up as Virginia's familiar voice
in a very familiar tone echoes around the marble hallways.

               AMICUS
               "Gods..."

Amicus mumbles under his breath as Virginia, her face a mask of fury,
approaches.

She spares me a glance for a single second before focusing back on Amicus.

               VIRGINIA
               "You are an hour late."

               AMICUS
               "Am I?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Yes! I've tolerated your tardiness since,
               well, since you were a child, but you've kept
               the *vizier* waiting...*how could you!*"

The wolf whisper-screams through her teeth, eyes practically bulging from
her head.

I've never seen Virginia so angry before.

Amicus shifts uncomfortably.

               AMICUS
               "Well, it's a holiday, so I disabled
               notifications—"

               VIRGINIA
               "Are you *joking*? Emperors do not get
               holidays. EVER."

               AMICUS
               "Well, consider it strategic."

               VIRGINIA
               "What?"

               AMICUS
               "I am simply letting him know who holds the
               power here. It will be an advantageous start
               to our negotiations."

Virginia looks at her brother with borderline disgust.

               VIRGINIA
               "Well, at least you can make even the most
               extreme stupidity sound....not quite so
               stupid. I hope you're not planning on
               bringing your mate in?"

For a moment I don't realize that she's referring to me.

               AMICUS
               "Of course not. He's waiting out here."

Virginia looks at me again.

               VIRGINIA
               "My apologies. I hope my brother learns to
               treat you with more respect in the future. If
               not, then I'm sure you'll have no trouble
               finding someone better."

               AMICUS
               "Wha—If you're so worried about wasting time,
               why are we doing just that?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Teacher Veteris is entertaining them on a
               tour. You'd better think of a good excuse
               before they return...actually, just pretend
               it didn't happen."

               AMICUS
               "Oh? That sounds like something you wouldn't
               want me to do."

               VIRGINIA
               "Khemians are different. I suggest you not
               try to trick them. Let's go in for now, I
               think I hear them."

Sure enough, I hear echoing voices up the hallways.

Amicus turns to me, giving me a quick hug, again reassuring me that he
won't be long before following Virginia up the hall and disappearing behind
a sliding door.

Neferu, who I had completely forgotten about, walks past me, heading for
the room as well.

I frown, noting the dull look on his face, the one he'd been wearing since
the carriage ride.

               MARCO
               "You alright?"

I ask him just as he passes me.

He glances toward me.

               NEFERU
               "Of course."

He doesn't even make an effort to make it look like that's the case before
walking through the door as well.

The voices get closer, coming from a bend in the hallway up ahead.

Not really wanting to be seen, I move back toward the sculptures, hiding
myself amongst them.

Technically all of Adastra City knows who I am, my face having been shown
on the giant screens in the city, on loop, for months.

Still, I'm odd enough that I feel like it would just cause more trouble
than it would be worth if I'm seen.

So I peer around a statue wolf's waist, feeling like a stalker as I watch
the small crowd approaching the door that Amicus, Virginia, and Neferu
walked through.

A very short, old wolf leads the way, followed by only the second jackal
I've ever seen in person.

He's taller and thinner than Neferu, and there's an icy-cold expression on
his face.

I imagine him to be the vizier, and next to him walks a rather broad-
shouldered creature that vaguely looks like a wolverine.

His clothing and the paint on his fur is definitely Khemian, so I assume
him to be the ambassador.

Finally, a younger wolf brings up the rear, one that has longer fur on his
neck which he he's styled into a braid.

I'd heard about wolves with manes at some point in my studies, a trait that
had been cultivated amongst Adastra's more influential families, a status
symbol of the elite.

The braided wolf starts to look in my direction, and that's when I pull
back quickly, hiding myself behind the marble and waiting until I hear the
door slide shut again.

I'm left alone, standing amongst the quiet, spotless marble of the
expansive university.

At first, I sit on a bench, quietly taking in the architecture, thinking
about how cool it would be if I could come here to study instead.

Though, now I know that this is the most prestigious university in Adastra,
having seen the giant name carved into the face of the building on the way
in.

Varro's University.

Or just Varro.

Only the smartest young wolves study here along with wolves from the
richest families in Adastra.

However, from the handful of times that it came up in Com's ramblings, it
sounded like it was one of the most progressive places on the moon.

It was one of the first elite universities to allow women to study inside
the school, rather than having to sit in a separate, cheaper building on
the outskirts of campus.

That was just fifty years ago, finally allowed under the rule of Amicus's
father.

Eventually, I grow bored with just sitting there and start to walk around,
looking at the sculptures and plaques.

They give short descriptions of the various wolves the sculptures depict,
and I try to piece together what I can with my limited written Language
knowledge.

Notable is the one in the middle, Varro, the university's namesake.

He apparently studied the education system on Omorfa before implementing
that system on Adastra.

This alone shows how different this university is from the rest of Adastra.

The wolves, especially the politicians, would *never* admit to borrowing
anything from the cats, even though they borrowed plenty.

But...even here, there are only sculptures of wolves.

No siblings, no children, nothing.

It reminds me of one of the biggest issues I've been wrestling with the
past few months...how separate I feel from this society.

It's to be expected.

I'm on an alien world after all.

But it's a world of many different creatures and cultures, yet the wolves
seem to be doing their best to ignore that.

I realize that I will never be part of this society, even if humans are
successfully integrated into the *Galaxias*.

In fact, I already know what the wolven reaction to human society will be:

Suspicion, condescension, and overall jealousy at the idea of a race that
seemingly uplifted itself, a species assigned a role that's different than
all the rest.

It doesn't matter that I'm liked by them now.

It's only because I'm a seemingly dumb, parent-less, ape.

They will come to despise me just as they despise the Khemians.

Is it worth it to deal with all that, only to be with Amicus?

I know the answer, but I still contemplate.

As my thought process spirals, I even think for a moment that maybe Alex
had the right idea...but no, thoughts like that always bring me back down.

It reminds me that humans, wolves, and all the rest of the *Galaxias*
aren't so different in the end.

Which means I have to hope that the parents *are* different, because I
don't think I can trust gods that act like I do.

I try to distract myself, walking around the big marble halls, looking into
different rooms, and reading any inscriptions I can find.

The "game room" in the basement is just a series of tables with various
board games that I've never learned to play.

After a while, it becomes clear that this isn't going to be a quick
meeting.

The hours go by slowly, and while I would usually be pretty ticked off at
Amicus at this point, I'm mostly just sad.

Being alone amongst towering, marble pillars isn't so different from the
palace, and still, this is actually a nice change of pace.

I just wish I could be spending more time with Amicus.

Eventually, I find a bunch of folded red cloth piled on a table, looking
like banners for what could be the school flag, or colors, or something.

I grab a couple of these before scouting out a marble bench hidden in the
corner of the main room, behind the statues and out of sight of the door.

I lie down on the bench, flat on my back, laying the cloth under my head.

I'm tired after being woken up so much earlier than I'm used to, and it's
not long before I'm drifting off to sleep...

Space stretches and twists into the distance, the infinite dark blue broken
here and there with planets, stars, and dust clouds.

It's endless, monolithic, passionless...

Except there.

Its mark is clear on the universe, like a stain, a blemish on the
glittering patchwork of stars.

The planets die, the stars shrivel, the dust scatters.

It's all tainted.

The mark is old.

It's ancient.

It existed before life.

*Our* life.

It touches every life form from the youngest child to the oldest sibling.

It convulses before your eyes in the dark.

It whispers in your ear while you sleep.

It brushes your neck when you don't see.

We all feel it.

We all know it.

It transcends all, it touches all, it *becomes* all.

               "*I see you...*"

The black tendrils of its reach already infect everything around you.

               "*They're going to kill you...They're going
               to kill him...Your purpose is doomed...*"

And yet, you know that this is only the beginning, that soon it will
blanket everything.

               "*You will die...He will die...Trapped in the
               amalgamation forever...apart...*"

And that's when it won't hide in the dark anymore...

I gasp loudly, sitting up on the bench, feeling like something had been
sitting on my chest.

I feel like I've been holding my breath...or something had pushed it out.

               "*..die...*"

A faint whisper to my left, and when I look, just for the briefest of
moments, it seems as if the crouched wolf statue is contorted.

Its neck is broken, staring straight back at me.

I jump, leaning back as I stare at the grotesquely twisted wolf, but it's
not twisted, it's like it always was...

And then I'm falling off the bench, landing hard on my ass and sending a
jolt of pain through my tail bone.

I can't help the involuntary yelp that comes out of my mouth.

               AMICUS
               "Marco?"

Amicus's voice echoes through halls, making me scramble to my feet,
suddenly embarrassed about what had just happened.

I clear my throat in a way that sounds casual.

               MARCO
               "I'm over here."

I move out from behind the statues, glancing one last time at the crouched
wolf, neck in its proper position.

*It whispers in your ear while you sleep...*

When my back is to it, the nape of my neck prickles, and I hurry out from
my hiding spot.

As I move out into the brightly lit main room, I realize that it's already
dark.

I've been here all day.

               AMICUS
               "Where?"

Amicus's voice seems to come from further away, up the hall.

               MARCO
               "Here!"

I just want him to come get me.

I had a nightmare, or something, but it had felt so cold, dark...and real.

I hear some footsteps padding up the hall, and I turn to see Amicus come
around the corner, his paws clasped together.

               AMICUS
               "Marco? I am so, so, so sorry. They wouldn't
               agree on anything, and I couldn't excuse
               myself to come see you because that would
               make it look as if I—"

I cut Amicus off by hugging him, just wanting to feel his presence for now.

The depressing thoughts I'd had all day, on top of that awful
nightmare...at least what I hope was a nightmare, has left me feeling like
complete shit.

               AMICUS
               "Are you alright?"

I'm quiet for a moment, wondering if I should tell Amicus anything about
what I was thinking, what I saw...then decide against it, at least for now.

               MARCO
               "I'm just happy to see you."

               AMICUS
               "Really? Even after suffering through my
               complete incompetence all day long?"

I'm about to scold Amicus for saying that about himself, but then I just
end up nodding.

               MARCO
               "Yeah...We all have days like that. Did
               everyone leave?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, the meeting concluded about ten minutes
               ago. I had worried you'd left the university
               for whatever reason."

               MARCO
               "Sorry."

               AMICUS
               "Don't be. Were you sleeping?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah."

               AMICUS
               "Well, that's good, because I'm hoping...even
               after how poorly the day went, that you might
               join me for a late night Lover's Day
               celebration?"

He never gives up, and I do love that about him.

I smile.

               MARCO
               "That sounds great, Amicus."

We walk down the steps from the main building into an empty courtyard, all
of the vehicles gone.

I frown.

               MARCO
               "They just left us without any
               transportation?"

               AMICUS
               "Oh yes, I told them to go on ahead."

               MARCO
               "Oh, why?"

               AMICUS
               "Do you not wish to walk?"

               MARCO
               "Isn't it a little far to walk?"

I follow Amicus down the steps and through the university's gardens before
we're back in the forest, walking in the direction away from the palace.

               AMICUS
               "Not really. The city and palace are within
               reasonable walking distance."

I walk alongside the wolf, feeling myself relax again as we're surrounded
by the quiet forest.

               MARCO
               "Huh, guess I just assumed it was far since
               we're always using the carriage."

               AMICUS
               "We tend to be lazy. That, and it's expected
               by the citizens as it's seen as
               more...dignified, I suppose."

               MARCO
               "Hmm, what about security? Shouldn't you have
               some protection as emperor?"

I look around, feeling almost vulnerable out here in the open with Amicus,
used to always having the protection of the palace walls around us.

Amicus glances up, and I follow his gaze, immediately spotting the blinking
lights of drones above us.

               AMICUS
               "Drones are far better than any sapient when
               it comes to security."

Amicus looks over at me.

               AMICUS
               "I suppose you haven't been outside the
               palace very often at all, have you?"

               MARCO
               "Not really."

The wolf grimaces.

               AMICUS
               "I apologize for that. I know it seems like
               you should be more free to travel after what
               happened, but the people are..."

Amicus takes a moment to find his words.

               AMICUS
               "...very curious about you. It would be
               difficult to keep them from crowding."

I raise an eyebrow as I see lights in the distance, twinkling through the
tree branches.

               MARCO
               "But we're heading to the city right now,
               aren't we?"

I don't think I can deal with crowds, at least not now when I'm not really
prepared for it.

               AMICUS
               "Well, I cleared the district for our
               arrival, though that was supposed to be...I'd
               say five hours ago."

               AMICUS
               "But still, it's late enough that the streets
               should be mostly empty."

               MARCO
               "Oh."

I draw closer to Amicus.

               MARCO
               "Where are we going?"

               AMICUS
               "You'll see."

There's a sly smile on the wolf's face as we trudge along the path, walking
in comfortable silence.

Eventually, we break through the trees and into the small, quaint street
that I'd been on before.

Sure enough, it's completely empty aside from one or two figures moving up
the sidewalk or standing in a doorway.

I notice then that Amicus is becoming more excited, and it shows in his
widening strides, and I have to hurry to keep up.

I try to think of where he could possibly be taking me.

               MARCO
               "Amicus?"

The wolf pauses, waiting for me to catch up, then places his paw against
the small of my back, and I'm suddenly thrust forward at his speed, forced
along in a stumbling gait.

               MARCO
               "Whoa!"

               AMICUS
               "Come on, it's right here."

The wolf sweeps me under a dark archway.

There's a door in front of us, the soft glow of light barely showing
through the frosted glass framing the door.

It looks like it's closed, and I look up at Amicus in question, but the
wolf doesn't seem bothered, and simply knocks on the door.

We wait a few moments, then Amicus leans in toward the crack, talking
loudly through it.

               AMICUS
               "Helooooo, Gaius?"

Something beyond the door blots out the light, and Amicus steps back before
suddenly drawing me to his side, as if preparing to introduce me to
someone.

I stand there awkwardly, trying to prepare myself for whatever this is.

When the door opens, it's not what I expect at all:

An old she-wolf in an apron and with a cloth tied over the top of her head
peers around the door, cracked open just enough so that her muzzle can fit
through.

I feel Amicus shift next to me, and he forces his smile even bigger.

               AMICUS
               "Hello."

The old woman squints.

               OLD SHE-WOLF
               "Hello?"

Amicus is quiet for a moment, clearly taken aback by the other wolf's lack
of reaction.

He clears his throat.

               AMICUS
               "I am Amicus, your emperor, and this is
               Marco, my...companion."

That's a new title.

I look up at the wolf in question, but he goes on staring at the she-wolf
who only continues to stare back at him.

               AMICUS
               "Maybe you are familiar?"

               OLD SHE-WOLF
               "Hmm...no, no, I don't think so."

Amicus stares, his mouth gaping open while the woman starts to close the
door.

Quickly, Amicus lets go of me to reach out, stopping the door from closing
just by an inch.

               AMICUS
               "Uh, excuse me please, but could you summon
               Gaius? He will know who I am."

The old wolf sticks her muzzle back through the crack, glaring now.

               OLD SHE-WOLF
               "Gaius was relieved of his shift three hours
               ago. You know it's the second hour?"

               AMICUS
               "I—I had suspected, though I had hoped he
               would have waited for me—"

               OLD SHE-WOLF
               "You thought wrong, dear."

Amicus bristles.

               AMICUS
               "E—Excuse me, but you realize you are
               speaking to your emperor, woman?"

Now I bristle.

Even though I don't know what's going on, exactly, I do feel a surge of
disappointment at seeing my lover use the "do you know who I am?" line.

               MARCO
               "Amicus..."

I try to say it under my breath so the other wolf doesn't hear.

               AMICUS
               "What? I'm just trying—"

The door starts to close again, and Amicus quickly reaches out, but this
time, the old woman is ready.

She reaches out to smack his paw hard, making Amicus gasp in surprise
before the door slams shut.

               AMICUS
               "How dare..."

Amicus looks at loss for a moment, as if he's never experienced something
like this before and doesn't know what to do, then he tries to open the
door, but it's locked.

He then resorts to pounding on the door with a heavy fist, lips drawn back
to show his teeth.

               AMICUS
               "Open the damned door! I was promised a
               special banquet in the human's honor! Do you
               hear me, woman!?"

I reach out, pushing a hand against Amicus's chest.

               MARCO
               "Holy shit, Amicus, stop!"

I hiss at him under my breath, looking around, not having expected to be
embarrassed at Amicus's behavior.

I'm so used to embarrassing myself.

               AMICUS
               "What?"

               MARCO
               "Do you hear yourself?"

               AMICUS
               "What do you mean? I paid for their services
               and had everything planned—"

               MARCO
               "We're five hours late!"

               AMICUS
               "But I'm the emperor, and you are my guest,
               and that woman—"

I step closer, cutting Amicus off even as I lower my voice, surprised at
the sudden surge of anger I'm feeling.

               MARCO
               "Amicus, you're acting like a spoiled brat
               right now, just like Cassius...and stop
               calling her woman."

Amicus's indignant demeanor seems to deflate a little bit at that.

               AMICUS
               "I—I'm not acting like him at all. And what
               else should I call her? She is a woman."

               MARCO
               "It's the *way* you're saying it, and I
               dunno, maybe ma'am could be a good start?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, she's certainly not acting like a
               madam."

               MARCO
               "Is this how you act when you don't get your
               way?"

Amicus has always had an entitled streak.

I mean, it's kind of what got me in this situation in the first place, but
I thought he'd have changed a bit after everything we'd been through.

Especially over something as small as this.

Amicus must see the disappointment in my face, because he deflates further,
blowing out a big breath that ruffles back my hair and smells vaguely of
lavender.

               AMICUS
               "No...no, I don't, I promise. It's just that
               I had something very special planned, and—"

Amicus looks back at the door, trying to see through the frosted glass, as
if whoever he's looking for will magically appear.

               MARCO
               "Amicus, you can't expect anyone to wait five
               hours for you, whether you're emperor, or
               not."

I think.

               MARCO
               "Except me, of course."

               AMICUS
               "Yeah..."

I see the moment Amicus gives up on his grand plan, whatever it was, as his
deflation completes in a slouch, and suddenly he looks very, very tired.

               MARCO
               "...You okay?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, I'm fine. Let's...let's just head back
               to the palace."

               MARCO
               "Maybe we could go someplace else? I wouldn't
               mind finding a hole-in-the wall that's open
               late."

But Amicus is already walking back up the road toward the forest, shaking
his head.

               AMICUS
               "I would rather we reserve the location ahead
               of time so that I can ensure your safety.
               It's too late for that tonight."

I follow Amicus at a slight distance, feeling generally disappointed and
baffled over what had just happened.

While I'm still feeling somewhat stunned by Amicus's behavior, I also feel
bad because it's clear that he'd really wanted to make tonight special, and
to see him so defeated...

I catch up to him and walk alongside the wolf just as we pass under the
cover of the many branches, our path lit by the firefly-like insects
floating around us.

               MARCO
               "Well, we could do something at the palace.
               Maybe have a picnic?"

Amicus heaves a heavy sigh.

               AMICUS
               "Honestly, Marco, I'm a bit tired...and it's
               not even Lover's Day anymore anyway."

The wolf says the last bit so quietly that I barely catch it.

And just like that, my attempts to keep my own mood light give in and I
sour instantly.

               MARCO
               "Well...if your goal is to ruin the rest of
               the night, you're doing a damn good job of
               it."

Suddenly, we're having one of our old fights again, the way we would feed
off of each other's negativity and spiral into a shared mood of sulk.

Usually, I'd be the one to start it, but this time I feel like Amicus is
the clear culprit.

I stare at the ground, frowning even though I feel Amicus's eyes on me.

Then it takes me a few moments to realize he's stopped walking.

I stop too, then turn around to look back at him.

We regard each other for a moment, then Amicus takes a deep breath.

               AMICUS
               "I...realize that I am acting like a spoiled
               pup, and I apologize. I do not want this to
               ruin the rest of the night, even though there
               is not much left of it."

I stand there, not saying anything because it looks like Amicus wants to
say more.

               AMICUS
               "I promise you, I do not often act in such a
               way in front of my subjects."

               AMICUS
               "I just so desperately wanted for something
               to go right after everything that
               happened..."

               MARCO
               "Not often?"

I raise an eyebrow, but smirk at the same time, wanting to show Amicus that
I'm willing to lighten up as well.

               AMICUS
               "I mean, never, really. I've never used such
               words to get my way during all of my
               emperorship, and it was only because it was
               for *you*."

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "Well...please don't ever feel the need to
               act that way on my behalf again. Especially
               when you're yelling at an old lady and
               calling her *woman*."

               AMICUS
               "I still do not see the problem with that.
               She *is* a woman."

Amicus starts walking again, and I walk alongside him.

               MARCO
               "And like I said, it's the way you were
               saying it, like it was an insult, somehow."

               AMICUS
               "I did not mean it that way."

               MARCO
               "I mean, I kind of feel like you did. But I
               get it, you were raised in this society of—"

Amicus huffs out a sigh.

               AMICUS
               "Yes, I know. But I've been doing a lot to
               progress the rights of women in this
               society."

               AMICUS
               "Just yesterday I put into motion legislation
               that will allow females to request a divorce
               before a court."

               MARCO
               "And they couldn't before?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, no, the husband had to."

               MARCO
               "Wow..."

               AMICUS
               "Gods, are you humans going to be like the
               Khemians? Shocked and disgusted by every
               aspect of our society?"

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "I mean, some definitely will be."

               AMICUS
               "Do you not have your own problems?"

I laugh.

               MARCO
               "Oh yeah, we do, we *definitely* do. I'm sure
               you'll be beyond shocked by some of the
               things we've done to ourselves."

               AMICUS
               "Like?"

I close my eyes, shaking my head.

               MARCO
               "I'll let the diplomats reveal that to you,
               but yeah, most places on Earth still have
               problems when it comes to equality, a lot of
               problems."

               AMICUS
               "Then why do you judge me so harshly?"

               MARCO
               "Because I know you can do better, and I know
               you have the power to create immediate
               change."

               AMICUS
               "Technically, but realistically—"

               MARCO
               "I know, it's a slow process."

               MARCO
               "But you know, where you found me, Italy,
               it's doing alright with equality, and a lot
               of Europe is doing great, so I know Adastra
               can be better."

Things go quiet for a moment, that tangent feeling a little strange, like
there's more to it than just gender equality.

Amicus senses it too, of course:

               AMICUS
               "While I know that the parents, through
               whatever space wizardry they possess, brought
               us together due to perfect compatibility—"

               AMICUS
               "—sometimes I wonder about their
               measurements, because in some instances, we
               do feel worlds apart."

I look at Amicus, the statement making me feel a little sad.

               MARCO
               "Well, I guess we really are."

               AMICUS
               "But...I love it, I love that about you. You
               open my eyes, you surprise me, and I've
               accepted the fact that you come from a better
               functioning society."

               AMICUS
               "I'm willing to learn."

I look down, feeling a little embarrassed.

               MARCO
               "Well, humans have a *lot* to learn too.
               We're kind of a disaster, too."

               AMICUS
               "Then let us learn together."

               AMICUS
               "But back to what I was saying previously:
               Marco, we're...we're running out of time, and
               I *need* to do something with you. I feel
               like I missed that tonight."

I feel my chest twinge a bit at that.

               MARCO
               "We still have time."

               AMICUS
               "I suppose."

It's quiet again, and though things aren't fully relaxed again, most of the
tension has left the air.

After a few more minutes of walking, simply enjoying the cool, night air, I
clear my throat.

               MARCO
               "So, uh, what was that whole restaurant thing
               about?"

Amicus chuckles, kicking a rock with a big foot paw, sending it tumbling up
the path to clack loudly against the roots of a tree.

               AMICUS
               "I had, uh, decided to get a head start on
               human integration into the *Galaxias*, even
               though the citizens won't know it."

               MARCO
               "How so?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, a cultural staple for all species is
               often times their food."

               MARCO
               "Yeah?"

I have an idea of where this is going, but I don't know how it's possible.

               AMICUS
               "So, I've established a human cuisine
               restaurant."

               MARCO
               "Oh really?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes."

               MARCO
               "But, uh, how?"

               AMICUS
               "Com analyzed and stored a fragment of the
               data from your Nexus back on Earth."

               AMICUS
               "Though not all ingredients are the same, we
               substituted as best we could and developed
               food that is, in my opinion, rather
               authentic."

               MARCO
               "Huh...you know there's a lot of food from
               different cultures on Earth, so a lot of
               different types of food."

               AMICUS
               "Oh, I kept it all in Italy, at least for
               now. In fact, our first item was *Nea-poli-
               tan pi-zza*."

Amicus's suddenly heavily accented voice startles me a bit, as it always
does, the wolf chewing around the words like he's actually eating it.

               MARCO
               "Wow."

               AMICUS
               "So, as you would expect, I wanted you to try
               all of the items to let us know how we did."

Amicus is talking about all of this like the restaurant was his own
project, something he's been working on for a long time.

               AMICUS
               "I thought it would be a fun distraction for
               you, but as you know, things did not go as
               planned."

It would have been fun, and I am disappointed that we didn't get to do it
together, but the thought alone of what Amicus had planned for me is enough
to warm my chest, and I lean against him.

               MARCO
               "Well, thank you anyway, and I mean it."

Amicus huffs and slides his arm around my side, rubbing my shoulder
vigorously.

               AMICUS
               "Well, we'll do it some time soon. Can't open
               it without you giving your approval first."

               MARCO
               "Oh, I didn't know it would all depend on
               me."

               AMICUS
               "Of course! The restaurant is named in your
               honor, after all."

               MARCO
               "Oh god, really?"

               AMICUS
               "Really."

I feel myself blushing at the thought of my name on a restaurant.

It's embarrassing for some reason, but also incredibly sweet.

               AMICUS
               "And I think we should have that picnic.
               Nothing like a third hour dinner in the
               moonlight.

               MARCO
               "You sure? You look pretty tired."

               AMICUS
               "I'll live."

Amicus lets me go after a moment, and as he does, I slide my hand down
against his paw, taking hold of it.

We don't hold hands often, mainly because it's something the wolves just
don't really do.

But nothing about it feels strange or out of place as we walk down the
path, hand-in-paw, with only the glow of the moon and the firebugs to guide
us.

There's an eerie edge to it all, and while I might have been a little
nervous if I were alone, I don't feel any of that with Amicus.

It does make me think back though, of what happened in the university.

               MARCO
               "Amicus?"

               AMICUS
               "Hmm?"

               MARCO
               "What do you know about the Other?"

               AMICUS
               "Why do you ask about that?"

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "I dunno. I've had it explained to me a few
               times, but I still don't really understand
               it."

               AMICUS
               "You don't need to worry about it."

I look up at Amicus, glaring.

               MARCO
               "Are you seriou—"

               AMICUS
               "I'm not saying that to exclude you—"

               AMICUS
               "It is honestly something you do not need to
               fret over. It's thousands of years away,
               something you will never see."

I look back down at the ground, frowning.

               AMICUS
               "Are you alright?"

               MARCO
               "I don't know...doesn't it already sort of
               have a presence around us?"

               AMICUS
               "How much has that jackal been telling you? I
               swear—"

               MARCO
               "Hey, he's the only one that's been telling
               me anything about it. What else do I have to
               go on?"

               AMICUS
               "Listen, Marco, all that is known for certain
               is that it exists and that it is a threat.
               The rest are stories and pseudoscience."

               MARCO
               "Amicus, when I was in the university, I
               heard voices, telling me what might happen to
               us..."

               AMICUS
               "What?"

I take a deep breath, deciding that I trust Amicus enough to tell him this,
no matter how crazy it is.

When I finish, Amicus is quiet for a moment.

               MARCO
               "So...am I just crazy?"

               AMICUS
               "No, and I don't doubt you at all. Would you
               be offended if I offer the idea that it could
               very well have been a dream?"

               MARCO
               "No, it probably was. It just worried me."

               AMICUS
               "As it should have. It sounds frightening."

Amicus pulls me against his side again.

               AMICUS
               "But I'm very happy you told me, and I hope
               you'll tell me if you experience anything
               else. After what we have been through, I
               think we should be open to all
               possibilities."

               MARCO
               "Yeah..."

Just being able to talk to Amicus about it has made me feel better, that
Amicus is taking this seriously even though it very likely was a dream.

               AMICUS
               "But, in the very, very unlikely event that
               it was the Other, then the stories would
               indicate that it doesn't think on its own and
               simply works with what it has in your mind."

               AMICUS
               "It projects your own worries into your
               reality. But even then, it can't hurt you in
               such a weak state...and that's assuming that
               its remnants really do exist in the first
               place."

               MARCO
               "Hmm, well, I'm glad the palace isn't
               haunted."

               AMICUS
               "Heh, well, having lived there all my life, I
               can guarantee you that is the case. I've
               never seen anything unexplainable there. This
               forest on the other hand..."

               MARCO
               "What?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, some say a creature called the
               *Simiarbor* lives within the forests
               surrounding the city."

               MARCO
               "Oh yeah?"

Amicus sees my smile.

               AMICUS
               "Oh yes, it's actually thought to be a
               primate of some sort, and climbs and jumps
               from tree to tree."

               AMICUS
               "It's completely black, and its face is on
               the opposite side of its head so that its
               red, glowing eyes can stare at you while it
               clings to the branches."

I can tell Amicus is trying to scare me, and even though I feel a little
creeped out, his own presence makes it almost impossible to feel scared.

               MARCO
               "Yeah? And you've seen it?"

               AMICUS
               "I've heard strange noises and maybe movement
               in the trees while out hunting before."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, alright."

Amicus smirks at me as we continue walking, and even though I know he's
teasing me, I still feel that prickle of paranoia on the back of my neck.

I distract myself by telling Amicus about our own primate cryptids back on
Earth.

Despite the bad start to our Lover's Day, I find myself happy, just being
able to have this strange conversation with my wolf.

Com sends our food, mostly leftovers from the dinner that we'd missed, out
to us in a floating basket as Amicus prepares the sightseer.

We board and soon enough we're heading out toward the island, the one that
I haven't been to since I followed Alex there with Neferu.

Being so late at night, or rather early in the morning, was refreshing
compared to the humid mornings and afternoons.

Amicus is clearly enjoying it, his elbows on the railing of our craft,
leaning back, head tilted up toward the sky, a slight smile on his face.

His fur whips around gently on his face and torso, and that single fang
that always pokes out under his lip glints softly under the light of the
celestial bodies above us.

He looks so peaceful, something he deserves more than anything.

So I savor the moment, trying to capture this image perfectly in my mind,
knowing that not so long from now, I'll want to be able to look back on
this when I'm out on my own.

I bite my lip and blink back the small threat of tears just in time before
Amicus's eyes open again.

               AMICUS
               "Despite everything seemingly getting in our
               way, we WILL have to travel for a few weeks
               together before you might leave."

               MARCO
               "Oh, for what?"

               AMICUS
               "For you to tour the moon, and also for us to
               pick up Cassius from the final city in his
               destination. It will give you an opportunity
               to see most of Adastra so that you better
               understand the moon."

Amicus winks.

               AMICUS
               "And it has been decreed by the parents, so
               there's no getting out of it."

               MARCO
               "Don't I know it."

I feel both happiness at the idea of having some guaranteed time with
Amicus, while also feeling that pang of resentment at the thought of the
parents making it happen.

Our craft pushes up onto the beach, and Amicus hops out before reaching out
a paw to help me down onto the sand, even though he doesn't have to.

I bring the blanket while Amicus carries the basket, and we set things out
in roughly the same spot we did all those months ago in my first weeks
here.

Only months...

It feels like years.

As we set out the food, I do kind of wish we had Neapolitan pizza as I see
the usual bread, cheese, olives, and poultry, along with various vegetables
I've never been able to identify.

Still, it's good enough, and I'm just happy to lounge next to Amicus while
we eat.

Again, it's in that comfortable silence that I always enjoy with my wolf.

Silence that doesn't have to be filled with anything except the sounds of
chewing, which mostly come from Amicus.

After a while though, he breaks the silence with something that almost
makes me choke on my *virdi*.

               AMICUS
               "So...how do humans get married? You present
               a ring, correct?"

I cough loudly for a second while Amicus stares.

               AMICUS
               "Are you alright?"

               MARCO
               "What do you mean by that?"

I stare at Amicus, then look around, trying to spot something that might
tell me what the wolf is up to.

               AMICUS
               "I am just curious."

               MARCO
               "That's what you said when you asked about
               dating."

               AMICUS
               "Oh yes..."

               AMICUS
               "Are you suspecting that I might ask for your
               paw in marriage?"

Even though Amicus is grinning teasingly, I can tell that he's blushing
even under the moonlight.

               MARCO
               "You didn't think asking something like that
               would make me suspicious?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, I don't know. It's an interesting
               topic that has never been brought up. Two
               males cannot be married anyway, let alone
               ones from different species."

I feel myself calm down a little, not sure how I would have reacted if
Amicus had just whipped out a ring then and there.

Amicus is still looking at me, expecting an answer.

I swallow, then think.

               MARCO
               "I guess you just propose to the person you
               wanna marry, then you go to the courthouse
               and sign some papers and it's official...I
               think. I don't know, I've never been
               married."

               AMICUS
               "And in some places, males can marry other
               males, right?"

I narrow my eyes.

               MARCO
               "How would you know that?"

               AMICUS
               "Again, I've spent some time with your Nexus.
               It's only fair I do, considering you've been
               spending so much of your own time learning
               about Adastra."

I'm starting to see why Amicus might have been so busy these past months,
starting up his own restaurant and learning human culture.

               MARCO
               "Well you're right, there are a lot of places
               on Earth where you can marry the same sex."

Amicus looks off into the lake.

               AMICUS
               "That does sound rather nice...What about
               Italy?"

I glance at Amicus, noticing the interest he's been taking in the country
he abducted me from.

I suppose it's a place for him to look to for inspiration, a vision of what
Adastra *could* be, which makes sense.

It's the location of the uplift, of course, but it also has a turbulent
history, and politics that have always been raucous and unpredictable.

But considering where the country started, and where it is now, Amicus
wouldn't be wrong to find inspiration there.

Again, Amicus is waiting for his answer, and I have to think back to what
little I researched about the topic.

               MARCO
               "Soooort of, I think civil unions are a
               thing, which is pretty close to marriage, but
               not really. I think if you marry someone from
               an EU country, you can—"

I realize how Amicus might have no idea what I'm talking about, even though
he seems to be listening intently.

               MARCO
               "Anyway, yeah, sort of, civil unions. Mostly
               marriage, but not really marriage. I think
               it'll happen there soon, though."

               AMICUS
               "Hmm, sounds complicated."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, it gets really complicated."

Amicus is still looking out at the lake.

               AMICUS
               "You want to swim?"

I blink.

               MARCO
               "No, the water will be freezing."

               AMICUS
               "So?"

               MARCO
               "So I don't want to die of hypothermia?"

Amicus guffaws.

               AMICUS
               "You really are a pup. It's not *that* cold."

I roll my eyes, feeling a little whiplash from the sudden change in
conversation.

Then I yelp in surprise as I feel myself get swooped up from the ground,
easily held up in Amicus's strong paws.

               MARCO
               "Hey!"

               AMICUS
               "I'll show you."

               MARCO
               "What!?"

I struggle in the wolf's grasp, very much not in the mood to be dunked in
freezing cold water.

Amicus's strength can't be matched by me though, and the waves get louder
as the wolf walks closer to the water's edge.

               MARCO
               "Amicus, my robe!"

Realizing that a dip in the lake is inevitable, I start to try and struggle
out of my garments, but at that moment, I'm suddenly set back down on my
feet.

Dazed, I stumble.

We're right at the water's edge where the waves are crawling up the sand
just a few inches from my feet.

The lake stretches out to my right, dark and expansive, the blackness
broken by the shimmers of silver light reflecting off the rippling water.

It takes me a while to finally focus on Amicus.

That's because he's kneeling on the beach, reaching up toward me with both
paws, and I see what is definitely a ring held between the pads of his
fingers.

I stare.

Amicus clears his throat, his bravado from just a minute ago having quickly
faded, replaced by a look he'd once worn when he offered me a bouquet of
flowers in the gardens.

               AMICUS
               "Will you...be my husband?"

I continue to stare.

Amicus stares back, clearly trying to keep a confident look on his face,
but after a few more seconds, it fails.

               AMICUS
               "I—I know what I'm doing this time. I was
               sure to research it. I know what this means."

He stubbornly holds up the ring.

Now I get a good look at it, and I'm not sure if it's just reflecting the
sky, but the ring appears to be a dark, dark blue, with tiny speckles of
sparkling stones dotting the rim, just like the stars above.

A thin, stripe of silver wraps all the way around the band, straight down
the middle.

               MARCO
               "But you said males couldn't marry each
               other."

I mumble that out stupidly, not sure why it's the first thing that comes to
mind.

Amicus ducks his head slightly.

               AMICUS
               "No...but I am emperor, and I know that might
               sound bad after what happened earlier, but I
               want this, so I will have it."

Amicus looks back up at me with a determined expression.

               AMICUS
               "That is, if you will have it as well."

I'm frozen, and that determined expression melts away once again as Amicus
looks like he's about to panic.

               AMICUS
               "E—eight years, Marco. That is too long. I—We
               need something to bind us together, to always
               remember, to have something when we reunite."

A few more moments of silence.

I see Amicus's paws faltering, starting to pull back, and that's what
finally gets my stupid brain to force me to move, reaching down to gently
touch the ring.

               MARCO
               "I—I...Yes, of course."

Amicus's ears perk up.

               AMICUS
               "Yes?"

               MARCO
               "I will marry you, of course."

I laugh through the last words, not even sure what I'm doing right now.

               AMICUS
               "YES!"

Amicus hops to his feet, fist in the air, as if he's just won kind of
sports competition.

Before I can say anything else, he's crushing the air from my lungs with
the force of the hug he pulls me into, pressing his muzzle against my lips.

Then when he pulls back, he adds another kiss, this one a canine-style lick
up the side of my face.

               MARCO
               "Ah!"

I flinch back, surprised by the gesture.

It's a juvenile show of affection, something a pup would do, and something
Amicus has never done to me before.

He looks happier than I've seen him in months.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, I'm going to be the best husband
               there ever was. I love you."

He pulls me against his body again, more gently this time, looking into my
eyes.

Though I know that marriages on Adastra are more pragmatic, it seems that
Amicus has, for the most part, educated himself on the more emotional,
romantic meaning it holds on Earth.

The wolf takes my hand in his much bigger paw, drawing it up between us so
that he can slide the ring on.

Amicus chuckles as it's clear that it's much, much too big, at least twice
the width of my finger.

               AMICUS
               "I'll have to have it fitted, of course. I
               simply wanted it to be a complete surprise."

               MARCO
               "It worked."

               AMICUS
               "I was worried when you didn't assume the
               usual position I examined in the images Com
               showed me of a human proposal."

               MARCO
               "Position?"

               AMICUS
               "The male is on one knee, and the female does
               this—"

Amicus assumes a look of surprise, both paws up to his muzzle.

I'm laughing as I hold up the ring to the moonlight, examining the tiny
speckles of sparkling stone embedded in the dark blue metal.

               AMICUS
               "I also thought a stretch ring would be most
               appropriate."

               MARCO
               "Stretch ring?"

Amicus reaches out, taking the ring from my fingers to hold it up between
us.

               AMICUS
               "It symbolizes space and the stars, of
               course, but this—"

Amicus points a blunt claw at the thin strip of silver running around the
middle of the band.

               AMICUS
               "This symbolizes connection between those who
               are long distances apart."

               MARCO
               "Yeah?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, some believe that the shape of our
               universe is spherical, and that it sort of
               folds in upon itself."

Amicus sees my furrowed brows.

               AMICUS
               "Think of it like this; if I walk in that
               direction—"

Amicus points out across the lake.

               AMICUS
               "—in a straight line for...many months,
               eventually, I will end up right back here,
               next to you."

               AMICUS
               "So there is a belief that the universe could
               hold a similar shape; a sphere that is
               expanding, and this ring—"

Amicus spins the ring around, showing me the silver circle.

               AMICUS
               "—reminds us that, even if we are moving
               apart on the stretch drive, we are still
               moving toward each other in a straight line;
               which is the fastest way to get somewhere."

               AMICUS
               "A touch convoluted, I know, and a somewhat
               unlikely theory, but it can be a comforting
               thought."

               AMICUS
               "I like to think of it more as being
               connected by fate. Yes, we will be far apart,
               but there is an invisible thread connecting
               us that cannot be broken and will soon draw
               us back toge—"

I cut the wolf off as I hug him, pressing my face into his chest, the
bittersweet sadness I'd been feeling for many months coming to the surface
all at once.

Amicus holds me quietly as we stand there on the beach in silence.

I'm happy and sad all at once, and I just want to stay here forever...

We make our way back to our room, the sky beginning to lighten with the
approaching dawn.

Along the way, Amicus starts to get handsy, and by the time we're at the
door, the wolf practically pushes me inside, attacking my neck with licks.

I cringe and laugh at the ticklishness of it, trying to escape until Amicus
has me pinned to the wall next to the door.

               AMICUS
               "Going somewhere?"

The wolf starts to take off my robe, and at the same time I start to remove
his garments.

               MARCO
               "Yes, and you're coming with me."

               AMICUS
               "Oh, well, lead the way then."

I grab his semi-hard length, which causes it to immediately twitch to full-
mast.

Amicus seems to grow frustrated with undoing my underwear, and resorts to
just yanking it down from my body, leaving me naked as well.

The wolf sweeps me off my feet and takes me to the bed, all the while we
both kiss each other.

It's much more passionate, almost animalistic compared to our kiss on the
beach, Amicus growling into it while my tongue pushes past his lips,
feeling his big, long teeth and wide, flat tongue.

He lays me on the bed and we kiss for a while longer, Amicus's paws moving
up and down my sides while I feel up his back, his cock laying heavy on top
of mine, twitching each time I make a moaning sound.

Finally, the wolf pulls back, his tongue hanging out for a moment before he
clears his throat, suddenly looking nervous.

               MARCO
               "You alright?"

               AMICUS
               "Erm...yes, but there was something else I
               wanted to do for Lover's Day."

               MARCO
               "Yeah?"

I look around, wondering what else could be done aside from what we're
doing right now.

               AMICUS
               "I would like to...attempt some type of, what
               would you call it, penetration?"

My heart skips a beat.

We'd been intimate many times the past few months, and Amicus had inquired
a few times about entering me, but I'd always been hesitant because of our
size difference.

Eventually, the wolf just stopped asking.

               AMICUS
               "I know that you are wary of my size,
               but...if you'd like to try, I've made sure to
               get proper lubrication, the best quality on
               the moon."

Amicus walks over to the dresser and opens a drawer before pulling out a
jar.

He has it open by the time he returns.

               AMICUS
               "But, I decided it would only be fair if I
               offered a choice instead."

               MARCO
               "A choice?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, I want to be even...closer with you,
               Marco, but if it's not possible for you to
               take me in...then I'll take you."

My eyebrows shoot up and Amicus rolls his eyes.

               AMICUS
               "Well don't look so surprised!"

               MARCO
               "Weren't you the one that told me that
               emperor's shouldn't have anything near their
               butts, or something?"

               AMICUS
               "And they shouldn't!"

Amicus blushes furiously.

               AMICUS
               "But if you're to be my future husband, and
               we keep it from the public..."

               MARCO
               "Of course."

               AMICUS
               "And I would still like to try to enter you,
               as I feel that suits me better, but I'm going
               to leave the choice up to you, for Lover's
               Day. So which position would you like to
               take?"

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
[BRANCH]: Top

I consider the size differential again, and even though I know Amicus might
prefer the other way around, I just don't think I'm quite ready yet.

               MARCO
               "Um...top, if that's okay?"

I see the look of apprehension on Amicus's face for just a moment before he
smiles.

               AMICUS
               "Of course!"

               MARCO
               "We don't have—"

               AMICUS
               "I VERY much want to. Now—"

Amicus suddenly turns around.

               AMICUS
               "Apply the lubrication!"

               MARCO
               "You want me to do it?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes."

               MARCO
               "A—alright."

I quickly dip my fingers in the jar, the cool, jelly-like substance a bit
more runny than I expected.

I approach my wolf and I see his ears twitching around, listening.

               AMICUS
               "Don't be afraid to apply liberally."

               MARCO
               "Yeah."

I reach out with my free hand and cup the canine's rear, the wolf tensing
only a little as I feel the thick, roundness of it.

I spread him slightly and press my dollop of lube into the wolf, forcing a
loud gasp out of him.

               AMICUS
               "Gods, that's cold!"

               MARCO
               "Won't be for long."

I gently massage it in before actually entering him slightly.

Amicus arches against that, tail lifting just slightly.

The wolf lets out a deep, huffing breath as I pull back, picking up the jar
and this time pouring a good amount onto my hand, which I cover my own
shaft with.

It is cold, but quickly warms to my skin.

Amicus is already laying back on the bed, fully hard, waiting for me.

               MARCO
               "Um, so I guess..."

I stand between the wolf's legs, Amicus gently spreading them for me while
I partially lean up against him and the bed.

               MARCO
               "So you ready?"

Amicus doesn't look nervous anymore, instead smiling up at me.

               AMICUS
               "I think so, yes. Are you?"

I laugh.

               MARCO
               "Yeah, I think so."

Amicus lies there, spread before me, and I kind of just stare.

That's when the wolf shifts, starting to look a little uncomfortable.

               AMICUS
               "Well alright, go ahead."

I'm as careful as I can be, going slow at first, sliding in and waiting as
Amicus grits his teeth and adjusts, trying to relax.

The process is slow, and I wonder if Amicus has ever taken anyone before.

Probably not.

Eventually, with the help of a little more lube, some of which Amicus pours
onto his own paw to jerk himself off, I finally enter fully.

Amicus's warmth surrounds me, and suddenly I realize what the wolf meant by
wanting to be closer.

Being inside him like this, surrounding me, it's such an intimate feeling.

I lean forward and immediately Amicus reaches up to grasp my shoulders,
kissing me while his thick, muscular legs wrap around my waist for a
moment, suddenly pulling me in deeper.

I'm not sure if Amicus intended for that to happen, but he responds with a
deep moan into my kiss, the vibrations rumbling through both our bodies.

I thrust in that position for a moment, each one sending a grunt out of
Amicus's muzzle, and I can feel him furiously working himself between the
two of us.

The way the wolf is clenching and unclenching around me, his muscles going
into overdrive, it gets me close very, very fast.

It's almost embarrassing, actually, and I pull back from the kissing,
standing straight over Amicus while the wolf continues to work himself with
his paw.

He smiles at me.

               AMICUS
               "Keep...going..."

He gasps as I start thrusting again, and I suddenly lean forward as I feel
myself release faster than I expected, Amicus tightening around me just as
I do.

This is clearly what the wolf is waiting for, and he gives himself a few
more hard tugs before doing the same, so hard that some of it shoots up
against my chin.

The rest ends up between us as I lean forward to kiss him again, the two of
us jerking and groaning together as he wraps his legs around me once more.

It seems to go on forever, and Amicus is still groaning when I'm finished,
his warm length twitching gently between us before going still.

The mess we've made is kind of incredible, but we lay there for a moment,
my head against Amicus's chest while I grow soft inside him, the wolf
stroking my hair.

               AMICUS
               "Happy Lover's day, Marco."

               MARCO
               "Happy Lover's day."

               AMICUS
               "I promise I won't ruin the next one...even
               if that might be eight years away."

               MARCO
               "Well, that's a lot of time to prepare,
               then."

Amicus laughs, but cuts himself off as he leans in to kiss me again.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
[BRANCH]: Bottom

I look between the wolf's legs, and though I'm nervous, I know that Amicus
will do his best to keep me comfortable.

Amicus follows my eyes and looks down at his crotch, then back up at me,
frowning.

               AMICUS
               "Ah, yes, so I suppose you'll like to—"

               MARCO
               "Bottom."

               AMICUS
               "Eh?"

               MARCO
               "I'll try being on bottom. Let's just be
               careful."

               AMICUS
               "Oh! Well, of course."

               AMICUS
               "I plan to take it very slowly."

I see the wolf's dick twitch as he quickly hardens up to half-mast at just
the thought of penetrating me, making me feel a little nervous.

The wolf is focused on dipping his fingers into the jar while approaching
me.

My heart starts to hammer in my chest as I move to stand by the bed,
watching as Amicus grabs up his length to slather the lubcricant over his
ebony cock.

It hardens further in response to that, and that's finally when he turns to
me, his ever-growing length swinging gently between his legs.

I swallow hard, moving to sit on the bed, trying not to look nervous.

Of course, Amicus picks up on that right away, and he gently sets a paw on
my shoulder.

               AMICUS
               "Hey, we don't need to do this at all. I
               simply thought that you might like to try it
               after all this time."

Amicus looks down between his legs.

               AMICUS
               "Would you rather do what we usually do? I
               hear the flavor of the lubricant is rather
               pleasant."

Amicus starts to raise his lubricated fingers to his mouth, about to lick
before I grab his wrist gently.

               MARCO
               "No, I'm just not sure what to expect. I want
               to do this, get used to it so we can do it
               more often."

Amicus smiles at me, then hugs me tightly, pressing our naked bodies
against each other.

I shiver slightly at the way his fur tickles my skin, the way I can feel
his muscles and bulk through the flattened fur, the way he rests his square
jaw on the top of my head.

The combination of power and soft gets to me like it always does, and my
own cock twitches to life.

               AMICUS
               "Well, expect me to be very gentle, and if
               anything becomes too much for you, simply say
               so, and we will stop, then continue something
               more familiar instead."

               MARCO
               "Well, it's Lover's Day, so I want to make it
               special."

               AMICUS
               "Tonight is already special, Marco, don't
               worry about that. I only want to be with you
               right now."

Amicus tilts my chin up and kisses me, a paw sliding down to cup my rear.

He gives it a gentle squeeze before wrapping a paw around my legs and
leaning me back so that he can lay me on the bed without breaking the kiss.

I hold on to him, sliding my hands around his broad back before more
timidly sliding them down...then grabbing and squeezing *his* ass.

Normally this would make him yelp, or scramble away indignantly, but this
time he just gasps against my mouth in surprise, then laughs while dragging
his muzzle down my torso.

He licks and kisses my chest, teasing my nipples with his tongue and even
gently nipping with his teeth before licking his way down my stomach.

By the time he's reached my groin, I'm hard and leaking, and judging by the
grin on his face, that's just what he'd wanted.

And looking down between us, I can see that I'm definitely not the only
one, Amicus being as hard as I've ever seen him, leaking pre onto my lower
stomach as he grins at me.

               AMICUS
               "It seems that you've become aroused, young
               ape. Is there something that you
               find...tantalizing about a wolf like me?"

It's hard to answer as I'm a bit distracted by the way our dicks just press
up against each other, Amicus's hot flesh gliding smoothly against mine
each time he moves.

               MARCO
               "I think it's the other way around, young
               pup."

Amicus grins as he just smears the pre across my stomach, the gesture
having a rather territorial feel to it.

It's a wolf thing, but it gets me even more excited and when Amicus finally
gets more lube, he gently spreads me, then begins to coat my hole with the
slick substance.

It's a little cold, but it warms up to my body temperature very quickly,
and I gasp as Amicus completely coats me.

               AMICUS
               "I am going to...reach inside a bit to help
               loosen you, if that is alright?"

I swallow, but nod quickly, the intimacy of having my lover touch me in
such a private place making my cock jump on my stomach.

It does it again as Amicus pushes in a little bit, and I lean my head back,
just experiencing the feel of his pads gently circling my entrance.

It's a little embarrassing, but I'm getting really hard, and when Amicus
leans forward to lick my length, I gasp and push him away with a hand on
his forehead.

               MARCO
               "Whoa, whoa, whoa! I'm close."

Amicus grins at me.

               AMICUS
               "Already?"

               MARCO
               "You're not taking it very easy..."

My voice is a little higher-pitched, breathless as I try to keep my muscles
loose.

               AMICUS
               "Well, I think we should move forward, if
               that's the case. Very slowly..."

Amicus waits, and when I keep my legs open, my hips tilted up to receive
him, Amicus does move forward.

The process is slow, and I tell him to stop sooner than I'd wanted to, but
when he pauses, I get used to the feeling pretty quick, and he moves
forward again.

We take a break three more times, allowing me to get used to the feeling
before he's finally in most of the way.

While I'd gotten soft over the course of the penetration, I quickly get
hard again when the tip of his cock suddenly hits that particular spot deep
inside me, and I arch with a soft gasp.

Amicus seems to like that, because he responds with a growl, leaning in to
kiss my neck.

The movement sends him deeper, forcing more involuntary moans out of me
while at the same time, the action pushes my hips further upward, making me
all the more vulnerable.

The feeling of exposing myself like this, allowing Amicus access, it's
making me leak like never before.

When Amicus is finished licking me, he pulls back to begin thrusting into
me, slowly at first, then building up speed when I don't complain.

And while I gasp and groan at the feeling of something so thick so deep
inside of me, I still manage to pay attention to the wolf.

He seems to be lost in his own world, seemingly completely focused on what
he's doing and what he's feeling.

It feels like he doesn't know what he's doing, even though I know he's had
at least some experience.

It's rough and kind of sloppy, but it's my wolf doing it, and that's enough
to get me close again, very close.

               MARCO
               "I'm...close..."

I see a brief look of surprise on Amicus's face before he picks up the
speed, only bringing me closer to a climax.

I can tell Amicus wants to cum at the same time, and somehow he makes it,
tensing up just as I do.

I grit my teeth, watching his face as he stares at the ceiling, his mouth
hanging open, even drooling a little as he teeters on the edge of climax.

Without warning, I pull him in tightly, wrapping my legs around his waist
and forcing his length the last few inches in.

This forces a choked groan out of Amicus, his eyes widening even more
before he slumps forward again.

His paws slap the bed covers as he leans forward, tensing, then shuddering
as he unloads himself inside me in waves.

Those thrusts send me over the edge too, and I moan, grabbing at Amicus's
arms, anchoring myself against the pleasure as I spurt over my stomach.

I moan even louder when Amicus thrusts again, forcing another spurt out of
my cock, followed by a few more, each of them in sync with Amicus's cock
ramming into me.

Amicus's moans transition to growls as he leans further forward, his tongue
hanging out, wincing one eye shut as I feel his cock spasm one last time
inside of me before the wolf collapses.

He cushions his fall with his elbows on either side of me, leaning in until
his head comes to rest on my chest.

We both lay there, gasping, not caring about the mess, just quietly
enjoying each other while I feel him slowly get smaller inside me.

               AMICUS
               "Happy Lover's day, Marco."

               MARCO
               "Happy Lover's day."

               AMICUS
               "I promise I won't ruin the next one...even
               if that might be eight years away."

               MARCO
               "Well, that's a lot of time to prepare,
               then."

Amicus laughs, then leans in to kiss me again.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
My last full day on Adastra comes just as soon as I thought it would.

Too soon.

As I sit on the stone bench, breathing in the cool, early morning air, I
find myself trying to think back on the last few months, even the last few
weeks.

It's all a bit blurry.

The days continued in the same way: me with too much time on my hands,
while Amicus was kept busy by a rapidly changing empire.

With his assigned role already in progress, I've mostly been left to wait,
and while the wait seemed tortuously long, it simultaneously seemed
unrealistically quick.

It feels like only last week that I was touring the moon with Amicus,
visiting the major cities on our way to pick up Cassius.

It had been one of the better experiences I had on Adastra, really getting
to see how different each part of the moon could be for the first time,
despite the basically-universal culture.

I got to see the breathtaking mountain ranges that surrounded the city of
Lux.

I rode giant, questionably safe amusement rides and ate all kinds of good
food in the city of Ad Rotae, basically a giant Las Vegas.

And all the while, I got to stay in luxurious villas owned by the imperial
family, spending much of my time taking walks, fishing, and even hunting
with Amicus.

And then we picked up Cassius and Alex and the trip ended.

That was over three months ago.

Ever since then, the only thing I've really focused on is my studies.

I've learned enough of the language that I can hold stilted conversations
with Amicus.

He always enthusiastically tells me that I'm doing an amazing job, even
though I know I probably sound like a very young child to him.

One with a heavy, clumsy accent.

...

I don't think I've done enough.

None of this is going to help me with my mission on Earth.

Not since the experience I had with Amicus in the archives have I heard
from the Monitor, let alone the parents.

Instead, they seem to be content to just let me drift around aimlessly like
I always have.

It's gotten to the point that I even asked Amicus if what happened in the
archives *actually* happened and wasn't all just a dream.

And speaking of dreams, I haven't even been given one of those.

Not even an "*all is well*" from the space dragon.

What's most infuriating is that Amicus is in contact with them.

Of course he's asked on my behalf if they have anything to say to me
but...nothing.

I can only assume it's because they don't want to "interfere" with the
process, even though they're going to have to tell me *something*.

At least direct where to go first.

Otherwise they're probably just going to hospitalize me when I show up
talking about space wolves and the impending assimilation with the
*Galaxias*.

I feel my insides twist uncomfortably like they have been for the past
several months, and especially in the past week.

I'd had to leave Amicus's room because I didn't want to keep waking him up
with my tossing and turning.

That, and lying there awake, watching Amicus sleep innocently next to me is
just a bit too much for me right now.

I know I should be savoring these last moments, but instead, I find myself
twisted up in worry.

I'm going to be alone.

It's something that hasn't really scared me much before I came here, but
after being with Amicus for so long, and now with this path ahead of me...

I go from hugging myself to twirling the now-fitted ring on my finger.

It's been a security blanket of sorts.

We had debated on whether or not to marry before I leave, but eventually
decided Amicus should lay some legal ground work first so as not to cause
too much of an uproar.

He has eight years to do it after all.

It will give me something to look forward to when I return.

Our entire lives adjusted to fit the schedule laid out by the parents.

This is all assuming they're telling the truth and, not for the first time,
I wonder if I can really count on them to make sure I return to Adastra.

They're controlling everything, and I don't think they would be sending me
on a mission that would somehow result in me never coming back here.

That's the whole point.

I'm uniting two different worlds...

I sigh, closing my eyes at the ridiculous weight of that statement.

This is all wrong.

I've been trying to ignore it for months, but something here is wrong.

I open my eyes again as I hear shuffling steps up the path.

For a moment, I think it's going to be Amicus, maybe having woken up and
found me missing from the bed.

It's what I hope to see, even though I know he needs his sleep.

I'm under enough stress right now that I'm willing to be selfish.

But no.

I'm a bit surprised to see Virginia walking along the main path, head down
as she manipulates one of those transparent tablets that the officials
around here have.

As she gets closer, I let out a soft cough so I don't surprise her.

She looks up, her pace slowing before she realizes that it's me.

I had assumed she would just continue on her way, but now she deliberately
walks in my direction.

               VIRGINIA
               "Pleasant early morning to you, Marco."

               MARCO
               "Good morning."

               VIRGINIA
               "I must say that I'm a bit surprised to see
               you outside before Vita has even risen."

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "Had trouble sleeping."

There's a pause, and Virginia gives me a look, one that I think is
sympathetic.

               VIRGINIA
               "I imagine."

More silence.

Even now, at the very end of my journey on Adastra, I feel the stiff,
awkward wall between us

Out of everyone I've met in the palace, I feel I know Virginia the least,
and that includes Alex.

While her intentions became clear to me, like everyone's eventually did, I
literally know nothing else about her.

I try to fill the silence.

               MARCO
               "So what has you up so early?"

Virginia raises an eyebrow.

               VIRGINIA
               "We have run out of time to negotiate funding
               for a few smaller provinces to the north. I
               am using the early hours to make time."

               MARCO
               "That doesn't sound fun."

               VIRGINIA
               "It is not meant to be *fun*. My life is now
               dedicated to serving the empire. My own
               concerns do not matter."

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "Listen, I'm gonna be honest here. You seem
               less happy than you were before you had this
               position."

               VIRGINIA
               "Again, my concerns are not important."

               MARCO
               "I'm not saying they are, I'm just wondering
               why you wanted this position if it's only
               making your life worse."

Virginia gives me a long, hard look.

It always seems like our conversations become tense if we talk for more
than three sentences.

               VIRGINIA
               "I think that you are not understanding the
               concept. *My* concerns do not matter. *I* do
               not matter. What does matter is the work I
               do.

               MARCO
               "So...you just wanted to run the empire in a
               more efficient way, or something?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Yes, or something."

               MARCO
               "You could just be blunt like the Khemians
               are and tell me. We'd get to the point, and
               then you wouldn't have to be so angry all the
               time."

The look on Virginia's face has me raising my hands defensively.

               MARCO
               "Alright, sorry. I know whenever I talk I
               just piss you off, so I'll just stop."

               VIRGINIA
               "What has you so brash this morning?"

               MARCO
               "Everything."

I put out my hands to either side of myself, as if to indicate the whole
situation I'm in.

               MARCO
               "But at least I'm not always...I dunno,
               acting like you're just an annoying
               distraction. Hell, even Cassius acknowledges
               my presence more than you do."

               MARCO
               "I mean, it's a bit late now, but considering
               I'm in a relationship with your brother,
               maybe we should get to know each other when I
               come back."

Virginia regards me for a moment, then takes a deep breath.

               VIRGINIA
               "Marco, I know you are leaving tomorrow, as
               we all do...but I also know that you will be
               back, and I will be made to work with you for
               a very long time, likely the rest of our
               lives."

I frown.

How would Virginia know I'll be working with the empire?

Is she supposed to know that?

I start to wonder if the parents *are* talking, just not to me.

Virginia answers that question next, though.

               VIRGINIA
               "Amicus told me, as he should have,
               considering my position. It will help us
               prepare, at least in secret."

I wonder if the parents told him that was okay.

I don't want to deviate from their plan at all if it risks my mission.

Virginia interrupts my thoughts though.

               VIRGINIA
               "But I will say this once, and never again,
               so remember it when you return."

I wait expectantly.

               VIRGINIA
               "While young, my brothers and I experienced
               very different sides of my father. He coddled
               Amicus, neglected Cassius, and for me, it was
               a sort of in-between."

               VIRGINIA
               "He paid me very close, but strict attention.
               Unlike my brothers, who received lessons in
               maths, science, and combat—"

               VIRGINIA
               "—I was given lessons in speech, etiquette,
               but mainly I was subjected to long, cruel
               sessions of behavioral-molding."

               VIRGINIA
               "He altered who I was as a person, something
               he would never do to his sons."

               MARCO
               "Oh...why?"

               VIRGINIA
               "All I understood at the time was that he
               planned for me to occupy a prestigious
               position in the empire."

               VIRGINIA
               "Still, I hated him for it. I felt almost no
               emotion when his sabotaged ship crashed."

               MARCO
               "Oh..."

               VIRGINIA
               "Yes, odd how he would project himself to be
               the most egalitarian emperor in our history,
               yet treat his own daughter like clay that he
               could shape in any way he wanted."

Now I'm really at a loss for words.

               VIRGINIA
               "But...following his death and the resulting
               power struggle, I came to learn why, and the
               reason was rather simple."

               VIRGINIA
               "If I were to be the first female in a
               particular position of power, I needed to set
               an example. Not only that, but I would need
               to ward off attempts by those in power to
               undermine me."

               VIRGINIA
               "My mind was already trained for the deceit I
               would come up against, and it serves me well,
               even now as officials spread rumors and
               attempt to discredit me."

               VIRGINIA
               "Amateurish rumors, I'll have you know. Seems
               they can't think of anything more complex
               than saying the reason I get so much done is
               because I'm a whore."

               VIRGINIA
               "But father personally made sure I understood
               the most important lesson in this empire:
               trust no male."

               VIRGINIA
               "It's what will keep me alive in this role.
               While I still hate father, I *understand*
               him, now, which is better than just hate."

Through all of this, I can only sit there awkwardly on the bench.

               MARCO
               "Okay...so is that why you treat me the way
               you do? I'm a male and you can't trust me?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Marco, I trust no one. I simply don't have
               to worry about women because they hold no
               power...yet."

               VIRGINIA
               "I tell you this so that you might
               *understand* me, as you wished. We will need
               to be close allies in the future, after all."

               VIRGINIA
               "While I'm sure my upbringing has a little
               bit to do with my demeanor, the main reason
               for my shortness with you is simply due to
               your immaturity and lack of self-control.
               Amicus is no different."

I grimace.

               MARCO
               "I think I'm a bit better than Amicus..."

               VIRGINIA
               "Mmh, yes, though he is growing into his
               position well enough. I'm sure you will as
               well."

I'm not sure if that's encouragement, or an insult.

               VIRGINIA
               "And thank you for saving my brother. I don't
               believe I've had the chance to say that yet.
               I know what I just said, but he is one of the
               few I can trust to...be himself."

Then Virginia turns away, walking toward the imperial ship.

               VIRGINIA
               "I really must be off to the city now. I'll
               be present for your departure tomorrow
               morning. Goodbye."

               MARCO
               "Bye..."

I watch Virginia walk off into the dark, still feeling like I don't really
know anything about her, even if she did kind of open up to me for the
first time.

At least she's willing to work with me on how to integrate humanity.

I'd been worried about that.

The edge of the sky is just turning a lighter blue as I make my way back
into the palace.

This is usually about the time that Amicus wakes up, so I'm not surprised
to hear the shower running when I walk into his room.

I think about going into the bathroom, then think better of it, not wanting
to hold up Amicus's morning routine.

I have to admit that I'm a little disappointed that he didn't come looking
for me first thing.

Usually that's something he'd do if he's not sure where I am.

For now, I just sit on the bed and wait, gradually growing more tired as
the minutes go by, finally feeling like I might be able to get some sleep.

Then the door slides open and Amicus steps out, freshly showered and
dressed.

He smiles brightly when he sees me.

               AMICUS
               "There you are! I was wondering if maybe
               you'd gone to get breakfast early."

Immediately I'm jarred by Amicus's overly-cheerful demeanor, his voice
louder than usual.

               MARCO
               "No, I just needed some air."

               AMICUS
               "Air? Is it too stuffy in here?"

               MARCO
               "No, it's freezing, as usual."

I stand up and hug Amicus, which he enthusiastically accepts.

I sink into his furry warmth, and I feel my eyes sting as the reality of
how much time we have left really sinks in.

               MARCO
               "Amicus..."

My voice is small and sad, and Amicus quickly but gently sets his paws on
my shoulders to push me back a step so that he can look me in the eyes.

               AMICUS
               "Hey, I'm going to be back early tonight, as
               early as possible. Unfortunately there are a
               few mandatory meetings involving the Khemians
               that I must attend."

               MARCO
               "I know."

Amicus had already tried to take the day off, but of course things came up.

               AMICUS
               "And don't worry; I've kept tonight simple.
               Just dinner between you and I."

I can tell that Amicus is putting on a brave face.

So I do the same and swallow back the awful feelings that have been
threatening to overwhelm me.

               MARCO
               "Alright. I'll be waiting."

               AMICUS
               "Good. I won't be long, and the sooner I
               leave, the sooner I will return."

               MARCO
               "Then you'd better get going."

               AMICUS
               "Right away, Emperor Consort!"

I grimace at the title I would hold if Amicus made our marriage official.

But he plants a kiss on my face anyway before pulling back and smiling at
me.

               AMICUS
               "I love you, and tonight we shall be happy!"

I try to smile back as Amicus takes his leave, disappearing out the door,
wondering how I'm going to manage to do that.

Hopefully well enough for Amicus's sake.

I'm able to nap for a few hours, after which I walk through the halls,
though at a much slower pace than usual.

I take a good look at everything, remembering.

I walk past the meditation room, and I pause before opening the door.

I'd made up with Amicus here after our fight a year ago.

This is also where I accidentally got high on the *somni* Cassius had been
smoking.

The main reason I open the door though, is because I'm curious if any of
that plant is lying around, maybe try to contact the Monitor myself.

I don't see any, and remembering Cassius's horrible experience gets me to
give up pretty fast, not wanting to be tormented by the Monitor because I
didn't follow their plan correctly.

I head out into the gardens like usual, taking in the beauty of the
arranged foliage for the last time.

I remember my first morning here...with Alex.

He'd been so helpful and kind, and I feel some sadness at the idea that
I'll probably never see him again.

It's dulled a bit as I also remember that he'd only been sizing me up for
manipulation, even then.

While I feel our friendship had been partially genuine, I know that what
he's done is something I can never forgive, even though Cassius was able
to.

I head back in for a light breakfast, sitting on Amicus's usual bed.

I watch the screens as I do, not surprised to see Amicus's face pop up a
few times.

He is the emperor, after all, but I am surprised to see my own face, and I
know immediately they're talking about us, speculating.

I tell Com to turn it off and sit there for a bit, thinking back on what
had happened in this room.

As always, my eyes are drawn to the dark wine stain in Cassius's bed,
something that remained even after a deep cleaning.

It hasn't been replaced, likely because Cassius doesn't really live in the
palace anymore.

Of course, it always brings to mind the moment he drank that poisoned wine.

The day we'd all sat there, knowing something was wrong, yet Cassius still
trusting Cato enough to never suspect an assassination attempt.

Something he would have suspected if Neferu and I had been less cautious
about releasing the information on the sabotaged ship.

It probably wasn't enough to convict him in a trial, but all would have
known.

Even now I'm not sure why I'd handed the wine to him, knowing it would end
badly, knowing I should spill it, just like I did my first time serving.

Yet I did what I was told, almost like a robot, maybe because I'd been
conditioned to do whatever the wolves told me.

I don't blame Cassius for staying away from the palace after what he went
through.

An assassination attempt resulting in a medically-induced coma does things
to the mind, according to him.

I wonder if that includes forgiving a spy that's partially responsible for
dozens of deaths.

Feeling slightly nauseous, I send the rest of my food back.

I decide not to think about Alex anymore, feeling like the cat had never
gotten what he deserved.

I need to distract myself until Amicus gets back, so I head for the baths.

It's become part of my routine, and the part I always look forward to the
most for a couple of reasons.

First, it's just nice to soak, and second, because I see the person I often
run into here.

He soaks in the pool, head leaning back against the edge, eyes closed.

While I may have lost my friendship with Alex, I'd gained a great one with
Neferu.

Good thing too, considering he's the only other sapient that's regularly in
the palace during the day.

I walk over to the benches, beginning to strip off my robe, glancing at the
jackal.

               MARCO
               "You know, it's not safe to fall asleep in
               the bath."

Neferu shifts, raising an eyebrow even though he keeps his eyes closed.

               NEFERU
               "I appreciate your concern, but I feel that
               the sensation of water filling my lungs would
               be sufficient to wake me."

               NEFERU
               "And I was not asleep. I was awaiting your
               arrival."

I walk up to the edge of the pool, Neferu turning his head to look back at
me, not even glancing at my naked groin.

               MARCO
               "Really? I didn't think you'd be here. Amicus
               told me he had Khemian meetings to go to."

Briefly, I feel a little upset at the idea that Neferu might stay at the
palace to see me while Amicus wouldn't.

But only briefly.

Things are different for the emperor.

               NEFERU
               "Luckily for me, my presence is no longer
               requested at such meetings. It matters
               little. I have direct access to the emperor
               anyway."

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "You should choose your words carefully in
               front of the emperor's fiancée.

               NEFERU
               "Why must you think I always speak in
               innuendos."

               MARCO
               "Because you do."

I jump into the pool.

It's not something I usually do, and I'm reminded why as my entire being
burns for a few moments.

It's worth it though, as I come up and see that I've accomplished my goal
of splashing Neferu, the jackal in the middle of pawing water from his
eyes.

               NEFERU
               "I must say, you become more like him every
               day."

I move to the bench to sit beside the jackal, my own eyes stinging from the
salty, spring water.

               MARCO
               "Because I'm more willing to shut you up?"

               NEFERU
               "Yes, crude like the wolves, having to resort
               to physical methods because they can't use
               their words properly."

I narrow my eyes.

               MARCO
               "Well, talk enough shit, then you're gonna
               get hit. Humans are the same, and I have a
               feeling jackals are too."

               NEFERU
               "How would you know? I've never raised a paw
               against anyone on this moon."

               MARCO
               "Probably because you know you wouldn't stand
               a chance. Also I have seen you fight, first
               with Alex, and remember you accepted a spar
               with Amicus a few months back?"

               NEFERU
               "I seem to have forgotten."

               MARCO
               "Well I haven't. You took off all your
               clothes to tease him, then got floored in
               like a second."

               NEFERU
               "He struck me in the stomach when I was not
               ready, and very hard, mind you. Their combat
               techniques are as crude as their words."

               MARCO
               "You weren't ready because you were still
               using *your words* after the fight had
               started."

Even though the incident had been a little worrying at the time, I find it
mostly funny now and I smirk at the memory.

               NEFERU
               "How is that funny? I had to check into
               hospital to make sure he didn't rupture
               anything. It was very dangerous to do such a
               thing in what was supposed to be a friendly
               spar."

               MARCO
               "I think it was the way you went from
               showboating to making the weirdest noises
               after you fell on the ground."

Amicus probably did take out a lot of his built-up frustration in that
attack.

Unfortunately, it resulted in even more tension between the two of them,
which makes things difficult because I like them both.

I guess Neferu at least still talks official business with Amicus.

Neferu huffs.

               NEFERU
               "And like that blow, bringing that up is
               rather low of you."

He's right.

My mood is a bit strange today, and just like with Virginia, I find myself
being more blunt.

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "Well, so was making shitty comments about
               all wolves."

Neferu sighs loudly, seemingly at a loss for words.

A rare sight.

I start to feel a bit guilty and clear my throat, changing the subject, to
the subject I'm not really sure how to explain to the jackal.

               MARCO
               "So...I'm leaving tomorrow."

Neferu's eyes light up.

               NEFERU
               "So I have heard. Which is why I wanted to be
               sure that I would see you today, though I'm
               starting to regret it considering your mood."

I slump against the ledge.

               MARCO
               "Sorry, I'm feeling...weird today. I'm just
               overwhelmed with everything that's
               happening."

               NEFERU
               "Well, you'll be returning, won't you?"

               MARCO
               "...Yeah, just not sure when that might be.

Obviously Amicus wouldn't have told Neferu about our situation, maybe even
if the parents directed him to.

I'm guessing it was Virginia who told him I'm leaving.

               NEFERU
               "This is a temporary trip, is it not? You are
               engaged to be married, after all."

I shift a little under his intense gaze.

               MARCO
               "Yeah, but I miss my planet. I just need to
               be home for a while...so it might be a
               while."

Neferu is quiet for a moment.

               NEFERU
               "Does 'a while' mean weeks...months?"

I look away, over the surface of the steaming water.

               MARCO
               "Maybe a bit longer."

               NEFERU
               "Years."

It's more of a statement than a question.

               MARCO
               "Maybe."

               NEFERU
               "Well, I must say that I was rather shocked
               to hear of your sudden plans for departure,
               that you would not tell me earlier."

I half-heartedly will the parents to send me a signal that I can just tell
Neferu everything.

But, like always, all is quiet in space.

               NEFERU
               "But now I'm less surprised, considering that
               it sounds like you yourself did not realize
               you would be leaving."

               MARCO
               "I just didn't know how to tell you."

               NEFERU
               "Mmh, that, or you're hiding something."

I look at him.

               MARCO
               "What?"

               NEFERU
               "Oh Marco, you're not nearly as subtle as you
               think. Like I said, you're becoming more like
               Amicus every day."

               MARCO
               "What do you mean?"

               NEFERU
               "Well, your sudden interest in galactic
               affairs, for one, but mostly, it's your mere
               presence here in the first place. It makes
               little sense."

               MARCO
               "Oh yeah?"

I kind of hope that Neferu figures it out on his own, considering that
would dodge the issue of me telling anyone.

               NEFERU
               "Oh yes. If I were to guess, you are
               currently being trained by Adastra to
               assimilate your people with the children of
               the wolves."

I physically recoil at the idea, even though he's incredibly close.

               MARCO
               "What? Hell no! I would never do that to my
               people...or to any people!"

Despite Amicus being emperor, and despite his slow but steady improvements
for the wolven children, it's still not a situation I would put Earth in
willingly.

Neferu raises his eyebrow again, seemingly convinced by my reaction.

               NEFERU
               "Hm..."

We regard each other for a moment, and Neferu blinks first.

               NEFERU
               "So, you really won't tell me?"

               MARCO
               "I didn't say I have a secret to tell,
               though. You're just assuming."

               NEFERU
               "Honestly, I'm a bit hurt that you feel you
               can't trust me with this information, after
               all this time."

Now I raise an eyebrow.

               MARCO
               "Neferu, you haven't told me anything about
               your own situation on your planet, along with
               your family."

               NEFERU
               "Well, you've never asked."

               MARCO
               "Because I know it's personal. You dodged the
               topic whenever I brought it up."

               NEFERU
               "It's a very long story, first of all, and
               second of all, it's a story about me being a
               selfish, foolish brat. Of course I wouldn't
               want to tell you."

               NEFERU
               "But if I tell you, would you tell me?"

I think, somewhat tempted to make him tell his story, then just lie about
mine...but only for a second.

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "No. I...I'll only be able to when I come
               back."

Neferu's impish nature deflates pretty quick.

               NEFERU
               "Well, at least you're honest."

               NEFERU
               "I suppose I'll trust you that it's rather
               important and not my place to know. I admit
               that I am still hurt by all this, and that's
               not something I admit often."

               MARCO
               "Sorry. I promise, you'll understand once I'm
               back."

Again, I wonder if I'm already admitting too much.

               NEFERU
               "But years? I can't predict where I'll be in
               that amount of time."

               MARCO
               "Back on Khemia?"

               NEFERU
               "Possibly, if all goes well."

               MARCO
               "I'll visit. I'm a citizen, remember?"

               NEFERU
               "Well, they rarely allow use of the stretch
               for only visits, but being the emperor's
               husband might make that easier."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, I'll convince him."

That seems to bring the issue of my sudden departure to a close.

We sit there in silence for a long while, then I place a hand on Neferu's
knee.

It's not something I would have done in the past, considering the jackal's
reputation, but nothing about it feels sensual.

Instead, I do it out of pure solidarity and friendship.

               MARCO
               "And I wanted to say thank you, Neferu, for
               everything. I don't think I'd be alive if you
               weren't there for me. I know you had your
               reasons, everyone did, but thank you."

               NEFERU
               "It is the duty of all Khemians to protect
               any sapient fleeing wolven violence, whether
               they be sibling, child, or as you happen to
               be, abandoned."

               MARCO
               "I'll believe that after I visit Khemia and
               have a look for myself."

               NEFERU
               "I'll be your tour guide."

               MARCO
               "And Neferu, you can still tell me what's
               going on with your family, if you want."

               NEFERU
               "Definitely not. Do you *really* want to
               know? The situation is complex, unresolved,
               and seems to always be changing."

               MARCO
               "I mean, yeah, I'd like to know. It seems
               really important to you, but..."

It feels unfair that I'd make him tell me his clearly painful story without
my own.

               MARCO
               "Again, when I'm back. Then we can trade."

               NEFERU
               "Deal."

Neferu stands up, stepping up onto the bench before reaching down to pull
me up.

               NEFERU
               "Now let's go for a walk before your wolf
               returns. I would like our last conversations
               to be of happier things."

I take his paw, letting him pull me up.

Then the two of us step out of the pool to towel off and dress.

Neferu is easily able to shift the conversation to things that are light
and interesting, and it almost makes me forget that I'm leaving.

               AMICUS
               "And so this wolverine actually believes that
               the imperial family would even *consider*
               apologizing for the war. Absolutely asinine,
               if you ask me."

               MARCO
               "Sounds reasonable."

               AMICUS
               "What!? No, Marco, it is not! We suffered the
               heaviest casualties."

               MARCO
               "But wasn't it started by the empire?"

               AMICUS
               "No, it was started by Khemian provocation.
               Haven't you learned the history?"

               MARCO
               "Well, yeah, but attacking a planet full of
               sapient children wasn't the best way to
               respond."

               AMICUS
               "We attacked the Khemian bases with weaponry
               which happened to be on a planet full of
               children. They were never fired on directly."

               MARCO
               "So says the Adastran history books."

               AMICUS
               "Ugh! Why would you assume that? It's not a
               good argument to just...whip out assumptions
               that these are lies. My father never lied."

               MARCO
               "I'm basing it off what I've learned from
               Khemian history as well. I'm not only
               learning about Adastra, you know."

Amicus is quiet, but still looking huffy, so I lean over from my side of
the couch to touch his shoulder.

               MARCO
               "Listen, I'm not saying your father is a
               liar...I'm saying that sapients as a whole
               are. I know because humans do the exact same
               thing when we write our history."

               AMICUS
               "You should have a bit more pride in your
               species. How will you lead the humans,
               otherwise?"

               MARCO
               "Actually, I think pride is the biggest
               wolven problem."

Amicus just goes quiet.

I think I hit a sore spot talking about his dad, and although I'm enjoying
our usual, somewhat intense banter, I don't have as much energy as usual.

               MARCO
               "Sorry...I shouldn't talk about things I
               don't understand."

Amicus looks at me with surprise.

               AMICUS
               "What? No, I do want you to talk to me about
               these things. I might seem upset, but I've
               already told you I enjoy debating—"

I wave away Amicus's rush to smooth things over.

               MARCO
               "No, me too. I'm just a little tired today."

               AMICUS
               "Ah..."

What I want to talk about is what's about to happen to me, about how I very
much doubt the parents themselves, how I don't want to do anything except
stay on this couch.

But I can tell Amicus doesn't.

He came in with the stories of the day right away, as if this isn't our
last night together.

While it had been easy to pretend with Neferu, it's much more difficult
seeing Amicus put on such an act to, I assume, make me feel better.

               MARCO
               "Amicus, I don't know if I can—"

Amicus suddenly holds up a paw.

               AMICUS
               "Wait, Marco, I—I know, but please, let's
               have this night together. I promise you, the
               situation will become clearer for you, just
               give it a little more time."

That gives me pause.

It's like Amicus knows something that I don't...

               AMICUS
               "And trust me, because we are traveling back
               to Earth together, we will have plenty of
               time to discuss whatever you wish—"

Amicus's eyes start to glisten just slightly as he holds back tears, then
clears his throat.

               AMICUS
               "—but for now...I think it's preposterous
               that they expect me to apologize."

I watch Amicus for a long time, realizing that maybe I should keep my
suspicions to myself, for now.

He's in constant contact with the parents, and I've respected the fact that
he can't tell me what they say unless given specific permission to do so.

But he must believe in them if he's still wanting to go along with this
plan.

I think I need to figure out the parents on my own.

On top of that, he knows how hard this separation is going to be, we both
do.

But he wants to save the tears for the end, and so do I.

So...

               MARCO
               "Well, if it's just the imperial family
               apologizing that's actually asking for very
               little to create an alliance."

               AMICUS
               "It's one of many demands, and they simply
               want to humiliate us, all because Neferu
               managed to get his balls kicked in."

               MARCO
               "I mean, the Pharaoh's son. You should
               honestly consider yourself lucky no one else
               saw *you* hit him."

               AMICUS
               "Heh, he's an easy one to hit. What does he
               expect always leaving himself wide open? He
               deserved it. Both times."

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "Be nice, Amicus."

But I lean into him, and he finally pulls me into his lap, nuzzling my
hair.

We talk for a while longer, the two of us trying to stay awake as long as
possible.

I finally manage to relax a bit, and finally my eyes grow heavy, and
Amicus's warm breath puffs steadily against my head.

I imagine this moment folding into a pocket of infinity, made to go on
forever, our responsibilities gone, the coming trials never to arrive.

But time does march on, because without realizing it, I start to fall
asleep...

*"You are on the right path."*

I grasp blindly at the sound of his voice.

Hello?

I don't know what to do.

My feet slide quietly across the rug and marble, leaving Amicus behind on
the sofa.

*"Apologies for the extended silence..."*

But why?

Who are you?

*"You know me."*

I walk deliberately in the direction I know to go, my only distraction
being the furious twitching in my left eyelid.

*"You needed time to learn about yourself, to learn about the *Galaxias*,
to steel your resolve, and now you are ready to forge ahead."*

No.

*"What?"*

               MONITOR
               "Would you like to glance through the eyes of
               the parents, to see what lies ahead?"

What?

Something trembles under my feet.

I sense someone else.

               MONITOR
               "..."

He does too.

I move my mind towards the presence...towards *her*.

               MONITOR
               "This way."

No.

He watches me, and for the first time, I sense something from the dragon
that almost feels like worry.

               MONITOR
               "Don't be distracted by rogue entities, this
               is dangerous..."

What does that mean?

But it doesn't matter, because I keep moving away.

This presence, I know her.

She tried to contact me in the amalgamation.

She refused to mingle, she stayed separate.

And now, I can see her.

She appears before me.

She bows to me.

               ?????
               "Hello, my replacement. There is much to
               say."

I know her.

Already, I know who this is.

               MARCO
               "Meera."

               MEERA
               "Ah, so you do possess a notable level of
               intelligence."

I'm confused, unsure as to what's happening, *why* it's happening.

I swallow, or at least I do mentally.

I still feel out-of-body, anchored to nothing.

I'm just an observer from an indefinable point in space.

               MARCO
               "You...you say I'm a replacement?"

               MEERA
               "My replacement, yes. Though I suppose that
               label isn't entirely accurate...you're more
               of a successor."

My concentration on summoning myself a body begins to yield some results as
I see the outlines of my torso and legs below me.

               MEERA
               "Though, my...inability to complete their
               requests has thrust some of those duties upon
               you. So yes, a successor, but also a
               replacement."

I finally materialize the majority of my body, solidifying its shape
beneath my point of view.

I lift my hands to my face, and though they look tangible, there's also a
dream-like quality to them, bending and moving in ways that don't seem
real.

Meera is quiet, and I realize my focus isn't fully dedicated to her, though
it should be.

I look up.

               MARCO
               "Sorry, what was your assignment?"

She stares back at me for a while, brow furrowed, and I wonder if she's
upset with me.

               MEERA
               "Shall we adopt Khemian etiquette and get to
               the point quickly? I have a feeling my time
               with you will not be long."

               MARCO
               "S—sure."

               MEERA
               "Splendid. So, Marco, do you trust the
               parents?"

               MARCO
               "Huh?"

I heard her well enough, I just don't know how I should answer the
question.

               MEERA
               "I said, do you trust the parents?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah...mostly."

I say that because I'm pretty sure the parents are listening right now.

For the past several months I've been trying to smother the questioning
thoughts that I've had, the worry that I'm being kept from the full truth.

That's mainly because I don't want to jeopardize Amicus's plans, his future
goals.

He knows much more about the parents than I do, and though he has his
reservations after what happened to me, I think he trusts them.

And because I trust Amicus, I guess I trust the parents as well.

...Sort of."

               MEERA
               "You're not a very good liar, are you,
               Marco?"

               MARCO
               "I'm not lyin—"

               MEERA
               "Do you know what my fate was, Marco?"

               MARCO
               "Uh..."

I think back, trying to remember the full story.

               MARCO
               "You committed suicide...to force Drusus into
               a choice...right?"

The tigress continues to look at me with that piercing gaze.

I start to become more uncomfortable.

               MARCO
               "Listen, you had a lot to say, right? What is
               it?"

               MEERA
               "Marco, what does it mean to be a sapient?"

I sigh, starting to get annoyed with how little explanation I'm getting.

I shouldn't be the one answering questions.

               MARCO
               "I don't know, to be self-aware?"

Meera laughs, and there's an odd, growling quality to it.

               MEERA
               "If that were true, then my lover would not
               have been considered a sapient."

Lover.

I wonder if Drusus is here with her.

I hope so, because if I end up like her, I'd still want to be with Amicus.

The tigress adjusts her sari, pushing it back slightly to reveal more of
her striped face.

               MEERA
               "But that is certainly part of being sapient,
               though I suppose my question should be more
               broad: what does it mean to be alive?"

I sigh, opening my mouth to tell her I don't know before Meera answers
anyway.

               MEERA
               "Agency, the ability to make your own
               decisions."

The tigress becomes serious once again.

               MEERA
               "Consider that the parents claim to hold life
               above all else in the universe."

               MEERA
               "With that in mind, does the concept of what
               it means to be alive merge with the goals of
               the parents? Does it merge with what they are
               doing to you?"

Now I see where she's going with this.

               MARCO
               "I don't have a choice."

The tigress pauses, and I think I see her smirk a little.

               MEERA
               "No, you do not. Now, they attempt to right
               this fallacy by re-establishing choice, by
               telling you that you do not have to follow
               their guidance."

               MEERA
               "But in my experience, the alternative was a
               scenario which threatened my very life, a
               sapient life which they claim to hold dear."

I think of Amicus's choice, a choice which wasn't really a choice at all
for the wolf.

               MEERA
               "How can they proclaim themselves benevolent
               if they threaten the life of the individuals
               they manipulate?"

               MEERA
               "How is that even possible when they use our
               very lives to manipulate the ones we love?"

I grimace.

It's almost like this tiger is reading my mind.

               MEERA
               "I could not stand for it, thus here I am."

               MARCO
               "They...try not to interfere—"

               MEERA
               "They say they don't want to interfere, yet
               they've set plans into motion to take power
               from the empire and govern the siblings
               directly."

I stare.

               MARCO
               "How do you know this?"

The tiger glares.

               MEERA
               "I was privy to every one of their plans,
               even those 10,000 years into the future."

I try to comprehend that, but then shake my head.

               MARCO
               "But isn't their goal not to interfere at
               all? They're just trying to set us on the
               right path. Taking full control would go
               against everything they say."

               MEERA
               "So they say. Yet they are stepping in to
               directly control your every move, your
               thoughts. Soon it will be the entire
               *Galaxias*."

I shake my head again, but Meera goes on.

               MEERA
               "Did you ever wonder why the intel you
               gathered on Cato's sabotage of the emperor's
               ship was never utilized, seemingly pressed to
               the back of the minds of all who knew of it?"

               MEERA
               "Information that could have brought an end
               to the struggle in a much more peaceful
               process."

I narrow my gaze on the tiger, starting to feel uncomfortable.

               MEERA
               "Why did you hand the goblet to Cassius,
               despite knowing what would follow?"

Now I start to really feel uneasy, looking carefully at the tigress.

               MARCO
               "How do you know this? Are you watching me?"

Meera's image seems to quiver.

               MEERA
               "*I am always watching.*"

               MEERA
               "*I lurk outside your windows as you work. I
               sit in your closet, listening to you breathe
               as you sleep. I creep up upon your bed,
               willing you to die...*"

Her voice takes on an odd tone, becoming muffled, staticky, like it's
coming through a phone's speaker.

Yet it grows louder.

               MARCO
               "What?"

The back of my neck prickles, the hairs rising as Meera begins to
disappear.

The space around me pulses, then fades out slowly as well.

               ?????
               "*Do you want to know what death is like?*"

Meera's voice isn't her voice anymore...it's a cacophony of whispers and
rustling, like a writhing pile of dead leaves.

               ?????
               "*I still taste the poison in my mouth, the
               agony in my body, the terror of dissolving
               into nothing.*"

The whispers move behind me, up my neck.

               ?????
               "*A nothingness that was simultaneously
               something, forced to be tormented in the hell
               of non-existence, of never-ending black.*"

Is it talking about the amalgamation?

The voice chuckles, whipping up a vortex of dried leaves.

               ?????
               "*The Amalgamation...even you know how
               unnatural its existence is. A swirl of
               countless souls being harvested by the
               parents, to be used...*"

I start to try and pull away from this thing, this creature that is no
longer Meera.

               ?????
               "*You will experience it soon enough, the
               horror of it all.*"

Something begins to wrap around my neck, the pressure growing.

               ?????
               "*But don't worry. You won't be alone.*"

               ?????
               "*You will suffer together...*"

               ?????
               "*...With your wolf...*"

               ?????
               "*Forever.*"

...

...

...

               MONITOR
               "Enough."

A strong, solid voice breaks through the smothering terror, and I cling to
it immediately.

As if being pulled from a deep pool of water, I emerge from the black, back
into the dazzling glimmers of space.

I gasp for breath, even though I have no lungs to gasp into.

The monitor looms before me, exuding a stifled combination of frustration
and concern.

               MONITOR
               "Are you alright, Marco?"

The fear I've had lingers, but I'm able to steady my nerves enough to talk.

               MARCO
               "What the hell was that?"

The monitor stares at me for a while, thinking, contemplating something.

               MONITOR
               "The Other."

I'd already suspected that, but to have it confirmed makes my heart sink.

               MARCO
               "I was told it wasn't here yet."

               MONITOR
               "Where you are now is not where you used to
               be."

               MARCO
               "But...why was it Meera?"

               MONITOR
               "It can take any forms its host can
               imagine...speak any words its host might
               imagine..."

The dragon looks pointedly at me here.

               MARCO
               "Host?"

I sense something like a sigh from the reptile.

               MONITOR
               "You were the host, it was simply using your
               doubts against you."

I think, trying to remember everything Meera...the Other, had said.

Something still doesn't feel right.

She definitely didn't feel like something I could just think up, and the
things she was saying, like about the Amalgamation, I'd never thought those
things before.

               MONITOR
               "Many thoughts are subconscious."

I wonder if Meera is still out there with the other.

               MONITOR
               "The true Meera is in the Amalgamation, and
               though she may have come up short in her
               duties, she still rests happily with Drusus."

Yet I can't help but feel that must have been part of Meera, a mixture of
doubts between me and her.

Can the other store bits of memory of people that it's come into contact
with?

               MONITOR
               "Do not worry yourself over things that do
               not currently matter. What matters now is
               your doubts."

Despite what I've just been through, I feel a flare of irritation at the
dragon's nonchalant attitude.

Even if that was the Other that brought it out of me, at least now my
worries are out in the open.

               MARCO
               "Well, you heard my doubts. What do you have
               to say about them?"

The monitor bows his head slowly, closing his eyes.

               MONITOR
               "It is worrying."

               MARCO
               "Is it? Well, now you know how I've felt the
               past year."

I'm defiant, even though I'm scared.

I might have just screwed up Amicus's destiny if they know what I think
now.

               MONITOR
               "We've always known. We had simply hoped that
               those feelings would fade with time."

               MARCO
               "By just not saying anything on your end? I
               have no idea what's going on."

               MONITOR
               "We mustn't interfere—"

               MARCO
               "I don't care. If you don't start telling me
               what I'm doing, and why, then I'm gonna
               follow Meera."

               MARCO
               "You care about choice? I'm making my choice
               now; either you tell me, or I walk out."

I'm bluffing, but only partly.

There's a small bit of me that is determined to follow through on that, and
I think the Monitor senses it too.

I'm just done.

Again, that big, heaving sigh.

               MONITOR
               "Providing you with knowledge ahead of
               schedule makes our ability to see blurry."

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "Better than me just leaving, right? Now tell
               me about your future plans, the amalgamation,
               why your moral compass is so fucked up."

A typical pause.

               MONITOR
               "I'm sorry, but we cannot reveal everything
               to you, at least not yet...but we can at
               least tell you the plan we have set forth for
               you."

I'm relieved, and a little surprised that I got the parents to do something
that I want for a change.

               MONITOR
               "Do not get used to it. Trust me, they do not
               do this often."

I shrug, trying not to feel too smug that I just figured out that I hold a
good deal of power myself.

The parents struggle between wanting to appear benevolent while also
wanting to force their subjects into specific roles leaves them at a bit of
a disadvantage with me.

The Monitor seems to choose not to comment on that thought process.

I focus back on him.

               MARCO
               "So what is it that I'm doing and why?"

I come to slowly on the floor, under the archives.

My vision is blurry.

For the first time, I feel somewhat confident.

Having the entire Earth plan laid out before me has made everything make so
much more sense.

Still, the experience I had with the Other, it's left me paranoid, and
worried.

I refuse to believe that everything that came out of its mouth was all from
my own mind.

There was something more, things that I can only imagine Meera had said
herself.

Maybe it wasn't to me at that moment, maybe it was simply words she had
said in the past, brought to the present by the Other.

Either way, I'm going along with the plan, but knowing what I'm doing and
why has made me feel much more in control.

I can even reject certain tasks that they might give me in advance, force
them to come up with another way.

This new dynamic feels closer to true agency.

I was able to tell that the monitor, and thus the parents, were unhappy
about it.

Still, I can't help but feel that this new-found sense of power on my end
is going to make my life a lot easier, even if it makes theirs harder.

I get up slowly, a smile on my face, feeling good for once.

I make my way to the door, pressing the panel.

I take a deep breath, feeling the cool, fragrant night air against my face.

I stand there a moment, enjoying the feeling on level ground with the
*Galaxias*.

I'm so lost in this feeling of relief that I barely notice footsteps up the
hall.

Then voices.

Laughing and talking.

I just stand in the doorway, suddenly recognizing those voices.

               ALEXIOS
               "Cassius, stop! We need to be quiet."

Alex's voice is a hushed whisper, though I can tell he's trying not to
laugh.

               CASSIUS
               "Oh un-knot your tail, kitten. What will they
               do, arrest ME?"

Something is odd about Cassius's voice.

It's slurred and tired-sounding.

I don't even attempt to hide as the two of them stumble into view, Alex
clinging to Cassius's neck as the wolf tries to keep his balance.

Alex giggles while Cassius playfully nips him around his face and neck.

               ALEXIOS
               "Stop! You're going to make me laugh. Someone
               will hear—"

Alex spots me and pulls away from Cassius, standing stiffly to the side.

Cassius, not having seen me yet, tries grabbing at him, but gets his paws
slapped.

               CASSIUS
               "Ouch! Not so rough. My joints ache."

He stares at Alex even as the Cat tries to nod in my direction to tip the
wolf off.

It takes a minute, but eventually the white wolf gets it.

               CASSIUS
               "What'sa?"

He looks at me, takes a moment to process it, then stiffens up as well.

               CASSIUS
               "Oh...ape creature."

I frown, wondering if he's forgotten my name already.

But my focus is mainly on Alex.

               MARCO
               "Hey, Alex."

I'm still feeling a little high and mighty after the trip I'd just had.

               ALEXIOS
               "Uh...hello."

               MARCO
               "This is good. I actually wanted to talk to
               you before I leave."

               ALEXIOS
               "Oh? what about?"

               MARCO
               "Well, first of all, what are you doing
               here?"

Cassius steps forward unsteadily, pointing at me, I think.

His finger kind of drifts off to the side.

               CASSIUS
               "What right do you have to question him,
               human?"

Alex quickly grabs one of Cassius's arms and tries to pull him back.

               ALEXIOS
               "Cassius, please!"

               CASSIUS
               "You're acting very uppity for someone who is
               still considered a pet, even if you did win
               my brother's favor."

I lean against the doorway casually, smiling.

               MARCO
               "Oh, I won more than that, but if you really
               want I can call Amicus. He should have the
               proper authority."

               ALEXIOS
               "No!"

Alex freezes and every inch of his fur bristles out.

I wait, not saying anything, but Alex also says nothing, just clinging to
Cassius's arm as he stares at me, as if just moving will lead to me making
good on my threat.

               MARCO
               "Well, then maybe we can start with what it
               is you're doing here. Last I heard, you were
               banished from the palace."

Cassius steps forward again, stumbling a bit as he drags Alex along.

               CASSIUS
               "Enough intimidating my cat. We are here to
               claim my father's ship, which we will then
               pilot to Omorfa!"

Alex stares open-mouthed at Cassius, clearly shocked at how quickly his
plans had just been revealed.

               ALEXIOS
               "Cassius!"

               CASSIUS
               "What!? Am I saying something wrong? Well,
               consider it your fault as you wouldn't stop
               pressing the wine bottle to my mouth."

Alexios can only stare back at the wolf, mouth agape before he snaps it
closed and turns to me.

               ALEXIOS
               "My master is simply drunk, if that was not
               already obvious."

               CASSIUS
               "I am perfectly coherent despite my slightly
               inebriated state!"

               ALEXIOS
               "Coherency isn't the issue, Cass!"

Alex hisses angrily at the wolf before turning back to me, smoothing his
fur down.

               ALEXIOS
               "My master brought me here simply because he
               wanted to. As his pet, I have no choice but
               to obey."

I see Alexios's paw grip more tightly onto Cassius's arm, warning him.

               CASSIUS
               "Ouch! What did I say about me being sore?"

I sigh as finally recognize that look in Alex's eyes.

               MARCO
               "So, you were planning to steal the emperor's
               ship, which is Amicus's ship now, by the way,
               just before I was due to leave?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Oh, you're leaving?"

Alex isn't even trying at this point.

               MARCO
               "Man, you're a real piece of shit, you know
               that?"

               ALEXIOS
               "And you're a reckless ape with no
               consideration for the rest of the galaxy!"

I blink in surprise, though I'm a little satisfied to see that I've gotten
through his shield of indifference.

Cassius, who had opened his mouth to butt in again, suddenly pauses,
raising an eyebrow at the two of us.

               CASSIUS
               "Wait a moment, do you two have some sort of
               history? You speak in a familiar way to each
               other."

               ALEXIOS
               "No Cassius. Only in passing."

I remember then that Alex had tried to keep our interactions hidden from
Cassius...though not the information I'd unwittingly given the cat during
our many conversations.

I ignore the wolf for the moment, unwilling to let this traitorous feline
get the last word in.

               MARCO
               "And you have no consideration for the lives
               of anyone on this moon."

I turn to Cassius.

               MARCO
               "And how do you explain still wanting to get
               with this cat when he's responsible for most
               of the terrible things that happened to us
               last year, to your family?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Don't talk to him, Cassius. Let's just
               leave."

               MARCO
               "No, you're not leaving, otherwise I am
               calling for Amicus."

I look at Alex who purses his lips tightly before turning my attention back
to Cassius.

               CASSIUS
               "That is none of your concern, but if you
               *must* know, then—"

               ALEXIOS
               "Cassius."

               CASSIUS
               "—consider how you would feel, left in a
               position in which the intents of your entire
               society rested upon your shoulders."

               CASSIUS
               "He had little choice, while also
               underestimating Cato's brutality."

Cassius's words are less slurred now, the topic of conversation seeming to
have sobered him up a bit.

               MARCO
               "He did have the choice to accept his
               'assignment', as he put it, and I think he's
               smart enough to know his actions would
               destroy countless lives."

               CASSIUS
               "You misunderstand. His choice was an
               illusion so as to assure the cats, especially
               the ones giving the command, that they are
               still grounded by their values."

               ?????
               "*Illusion of choice...to steady unstable
               values.*"

               CASSIUS
               "I fully understand this, and so did Amicus
               when I explained the situation. We have both
               been left in such positions before—"

I shake my head.

               MARCO
               "How can you not blame him for the
               destruction and death of your people?"

               CASSIUS
               "Marco, he is only the stylus. I blame the
               hand of his government that wielded him like
               a disposable tool."

Alex is tugging on the wolf's arm again, pulling him toward the main exit.

               ALEXIOS
               "Cassius, let's just leave. There's more wine
               in our apartment..."

I sigh, realizing that I probably won't ever have my questions about Alex
answered, that he'll probably never get what he deserves.

It still bothers me that he got off so easily, that Cassius shields him
from any sort of comeuppance.

               MARCO
               "Why do you trust him, Cassius? He's a
               traitor, but here you are, leaving your
               empire vulnerable by letting him get close to
               you, the brother of the emperor."

Cassius pouts, putting an arm around Alexios.

               CASSIUS
               "Because we understand each other, Marco, as
               you and Amicus somehow understand each other.
               I've grown tired of the games of politics. I
               simply want peace with an understanding
               partner."

               MARCO
               "By running away to Omorfa? Last I heard,
               they despise your kind."

               CASSIUS
               "Actually, we're similar in many ways, one
               being our shared culture—"

I try not to roll my eyes at the word "shared".

               CASSIUS
               "And the other being the fact that the cats
               now oppose the parents. I believe this can
               result in plenty of common grou—"

               ALEXIOS
               "Come on!"

Alex yanks the wolf, making Cassius yelp before stumbling after the cat.

               CASSIUS
               "Ooooh! Son of a whore, Alex! You're lucky
               I'm drunk, otherwise you could have seriously
               injured me!"

I watch the two of them disappear through the exit, part of me wanting to
call security and have the cat arrested for trying to hijack Amicus's ship.

At the same time though, I wonder if it'll do us any good, considering what
the cat has already gotten away with.

Still, I feel like Cassius seemingly wanting to abandon the empire, while
drunk or not, is something Amicus should know about.

I decide that I will tell Amicus, but when we're both on our way back to
Earth and he has time to think over what he wants to do about this.

As for Alex as a whole, I suppose his motivation, and Cassius's willingness
to defend him makes a little more sense.

We don't always have a choice, especially when those in power seek to
manipulate us.

If we really want to break free, we have to make our own choices.

I head back to our bedroom, suddenly extremely tired as the euphoria of the
night begins to wear off.

I feel like days have passed.

So when I find Amicus in the same position on the couch, I practically fall
back into his arms.

He shifts when I do, then hugs me tight before falling back to sleep.

I wiggle myself deeper into his embrace before doing the same, falling
asleep almost instantly.

It only seems like a second passes before I feel myself being moved around.

Then I feel Amicus's paw on my head, gently nudging me out of sleep.

               AMICUS
               "Hey there, love."

               AMICUS
               "It's time to get ready."

I stand off to the side, watching Amicus load up the ship while checking
various gadgets.

Virginia and Neferu make small talk, the kind that makes it feel as if I'm
not going away for eight years, that everything is still normal.

Then I have to remind myself that this technically isn't normal, even
though it feels that way now.

Finally, Amicus walks up to us, brushing his paws together.

               AMICUS
               "Well! It's about time we're off. I should be
               back in no more than two day's time,
               Virginia."

               VIRGINIA
               "I certainly hope that to be the case,
               considering how much work will pile up. I'll
               try and keep the empire from rebelling while
               you're gone, though."

               AMICUS
               "Thank you, Virginia."

               VIRGINIA
               "And I look forward to our next reunion,
               Marco. I hope your experiences contribute to
               a more disciplined character."

               MARCO
               "Uh, thanks?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Of course."

Virginia sticks out a paw, and I blink at it until realizing what she's
doing.

The way I first greeted her.

I bend to kiss it.

               VIRGINIA
               "Goodbye, Marco."

I step back awkwardly.

               MARCO
               "Bye..."

Then Neferu's paw sticks out, and I hear Amicus sigh loudly next to me.

I don't humor the jackal though, instead just forcing it into an awkward
handshake.

               NEFERU
               "That's a new one."

               MARCO
               "Another human greeting. I'll have to show
               you more when I see you next time."

               NEFERU
               "Whenever that might be."

               MARCO
               "It'll happen. I promise."

Neferu raises an eyebrow at my assuredness, but nods.

               NEFERU
               "Well, here's a Khemian goodbye, one between
               those who are close."

He then leans down, pulling me forward.

My chin rests on his shoulder, his paw coming up to rest on my head, his
cheek pressed to mine.

               NEFERU
               "May Ahhotep be with you on every step of
               your journey, brother, and may he help you to
               find all that you seek."

I expect to hear Amicus make more noises of disapproval, but it's quiet.

I stand there for a few moments, then awkwardly put my hand on the jackal's
head, hoping I'm returning the gesture appropriately.

I stand still until Neferu lets go and pulls back.

               MARCO
               "Never heard you call me brother, before."

               NEFERU
               "It's a farewell normally reserved for
               siblings. I haven't performed it since I last
               saw my sister on Khemia, in fact."

               MARCO
               "You see me as a brother?"

               NEFERU
               "Close enough."

               NEFERU
               "Until we meet again, friend."

               MARCO
               "Thanks, and yeah, until then, Neferu."

Amicus coughs awkwardly, stepping forward and putting his paw around my
shoulder.

               AMICUS
               "Alright, see you all when I return."

Virginia smiles and Neferu nods as we turn away from them, Amicus leading
the way to the ship that's parked on the palace lawn.

He jumps in first, then reaches down to help pull me up.

As soon as I'm inside, the door closes before I can look back.

I'm struck by the fact that I haven't been inside the ship since I first
got here, yet it's all so familiar.

               AMICUS
               "Alright! Let me make sure we have
               everything..."

Amicus walks around the back of the ship, looking at various compartments,
looking into the utility closet that I'd once been stuffed into.

He opens the doors to his quarters, doing more checks.

I move to the seat that I'd sat in a year ago and look out the window.

Virginia and Neferu stand by the entrance of the palace, still watching.

I wave, and Neferu raises a paw in acknowledgment.

               AMICUS
               "Everything appears to be in order. Com,
               initiate liftoff."

               COMPUTER
               "Liftoff sequence engaged."

The ship rumbles, though there isn't any sound as we begin to lift off the
ground.

Amicus sits heavily in his seat with a thump, buckling his seatbelt while I
do the same.

I watch out the window as Neferu, Virginia, and the palace grow smaller and
smaller, along with the entire city of Adastra.

It's not unlike taking off from the airport on my way to Rome, though this
is much faster.

Before I know it, the glittering city fades into a small, sparkling spot of
lights on the globe of the moon.

I stare out at Adastra, at the little patches of glittering lights
indicating the cities, and at the long stretches of dark blue that indicate
the oceans.

That's when I notice Amicus watching me closely.

               MARCO
               "What?"

The big wolf shrugs.

               AMICUS
               "Oh, just curious as to how you might feel at
               this moment. I must say, you seem less
               stressed than you had been last night."

I go back to looking out the window, getting a last look at Adastra, along
with the smaller *Torque* and the much larger *Ancoris*.

               MARCO
               "I guess things just became...clearer, kind
               of like you said they would."

Amicus grins, though I'm pretty sure he doesn't know what I'm talking
about.

               COMPUTER
               "Sufficient distance achieved. Prepare to
               enter the stretch drive."

Amicus reaches out a paw and I take it.

               AMICUS
               "Then you know that there is much ahead of
               us, together."

I nod, the Other's statement of suffering with Amicus forever echoing
through my head as I watch Adastra get smaller, and smaller.

Then—

It's gone, replaced with warped space and unimaginable distance.

About 10 hours.

That's how much time we have before we get to Earth.

We agree to stay up and treat it like having an entire day to ourselves.

Two hours pass quickly as we lie on the cot as Amicus entertains me with
the various foods we have stashed in the compartments along the wall.

He's brought plenty this time.

He'd learned his lesson the first time after he ran out and had to rely on
the less-than-savory protein mudshake.

As for the space-travel food, they apparently can't go bad, so we open
every single one, taste testing them and ranking them from worst to best.

Amicus is surprised that our rankings are nearly opposite each other, even
though I expected it.

               MARCO
               "You're always wanting anything sweet,
               Amicus."

               AMICUS
               "Yes, because sweet is good."

               MARCO
               "Sometimes, but I'd rather have more of
               something that's salty and savory rather than
               sweet."

               AMICUS
               "But why? It's like dessert all the time."

               MARCO
               "There's a reason dessert is small and comes
               last, Amicus."

               AMICUS
               "I don't see the reason."

               MARCO
               "Ever heard of too much of a good thing?"

               AMICUS
               "If something is good, then there can never
               be enough of it."

Amicus flicks a round, blue, pebble-like pellet into his muzzle, that I
assume is some kind of fruit-flavored candy.

I settle with munching on my salty, potato chip-like dried vegetable,
finding it sad that it's a bit better than most of the bland food on
Adastra.

               MARCO
               "Did your parents like, ban you from eating
               anything sweet, or something?"

Amicus pauses, in the process of pouring half the bag into his muzzle
before talking with his mouth full.

               AMICUS
               "Oh, yeah, how didsh you knowfh?"

I grimace.

               MARCO
               "So that's how you ran out of food last
               time."

Amicus chews for a while, then swallows.

               AMICUS
               "It's not like I'm always eating sweets.
               Virginia disallows me from doing so as well.
               I'm simply taking advantage of not being
               under supervision at the moment."

               COMPUTER
               "Amicus, your consumption of sugars has
               exceeded your daily limit. A report for
               Virginia has been filed and will be supplied
               to her upon our landing on Adastra."

Amicus pauses, then shrugs, pouring the rest of the bag into his mouth.

               MARCO
               "Well...as long as you have the parental tech
               to keep you healthy."

               AMICUS
               "We do. Everything in my body is regulated to
               normal levels once a month."

               MARCO
               "Wow, lucky you."

               AMICUS
               "So I am technically free from any poor
               choice I make diet- wise. I'm simply kept
               away from sweets to discipline my impulses."

               MARCO
               "Well, that's clearly not working at all."

Amicus smirks at me before opening another bag of what looks like candy.

I glare at him, then poke him in the stomach, making him grunt.

               MARCO
               "I think you're actually gaining a little
               more weight."

The wolf clasps his stomach with a hard smack.

               AMICUS
               "This? It's part of my stature and is
               important for my center of gravity in
               combat."

               MARCO
               "Oh really?"

I move to sit in Amicus's lap, rubbing my face against his bulk.

               AMICUS
               "Yes, you see how handily I handle you when
               we wrestle. Besides, you like it."

I rest my head against his chest, feeling the softness of his strong body
swell around me with each breath he takes.

               MARCO
               "You got me there."

I listen to the candies clack around in his mouth, against his teeth and
against each other.

I've been savoring everything about him that I can, even just these sounds
of him eating candy.

We sit there in silence for a bit, becoming all too aware of the passage of
time.

I take a deep breath.

               MARCO
               "So...will we be able to communicate at all
               over the next eight years?"

Amicus pauses, his mood lowering a bit to match mine.

               AMICUS
               "That's hard to say. I've wondered similar
               things, but I have not received an answer."

I sigh deeply.

               MARCO
               "Sometimes I hate the parents."

Amicus laughs, a stark contrast to how he would have reacted to such a
statement a year ago.

               AMICUS
               "They are frustrating, to say the least. I
               have a feeling that we will, though."

               MARCO
               "Yeah?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, they work in very mysterious ways. I
               believe it is clear now that the archives are
               not their only method of communication."

               AMICUS
               "I think the two of us joining together in
               say, a dream, would not be out of the realm
               of possibility."

The confidence I'd originally felt while leaving Adastra is fading away at
this point.

Instead, I feel that familiar feeling of dread and uncertainty take over my
mind.

Yeah, I know what I'm doing now, but the whole process is so daunting.

I hug Amicus harder, pressing my face into his fur, inhaling the lavender
scent.

I mumble into his chest.

               MARCO
               "I'm scared."

               AMICUS
               "Why's that? There is nothing to be afraid
               of."

I smile sadly, knowing just how untrue that is, that I have a hell of a
struggle ahead of me.

Amicus hugs me tightly, nuzzling my hair.

Even now, he's managing to hold it together somehow, and that actually
makes me feel a little grateful.

I don't know how I'd be able to do this if he was acting as unsure as I am
right now.

               MARCO
               "You know how big of a fuck up I am. What if
               I do something wrong?"

Amicus chuckles.

               AMICUS
               "I feel that the parents would not attempt
               this unless they themselves were certain of
               success. Simply follow their guidance."

I'm silent at that, and Amicus knows why.

               AMICUS
               "I know that what we experienced with Cato
               was terrible. They weren't able to...*see* as
               clearly. I know that they are much more
               confident here."

               MARCO
               "I don't know how I feel about being guided
               by gods that don't know what they're doing."

               AMICUS
               "Well, they are not gods, which is why they
               are prone to mistakes, but the time I've
               spent communicating with them over the past
               year has left me a bit more confident in
               their capabilities."

I squeeze my eyes, letting the small amount of tears that had built up get
soaked into the wolf's fur so he doesn't see when I look up at him.

               MARCO
               "Why's that?"

He smiles at me, placing a paw against my head and pushing it back down
against his shoulder.

               AMICUS
               "Well, they have far more tools at their
               disposal than we do. I mean, they actually
               see the future in some ways. If I must trust
               anyone with my future, it would be the
               parents."

               MARCO
               "Amicus, don't trust anyone but yourself."

               AMICUS
               "Hmph, I trust you."

I sigh.

               MARCO
               "I just don't wanna mess up and not be able
               to see you again."

Amicus's expression grows stern.

               AMICUS
               "That will not happen. I will make sure of
               it, no matter what the parents say."

               MARCO
               "But do we even have a choice? Does it bother
               you that it feels like we don't have a say in
               anything?"

These are conversations we've had before, but for some reason, I keep flip-
flopping on whether or not I actually do have a choice here.

               AMICUS
               "We do...we just have the advantage of
               knowing the alternatives, and that this path
               is much more desirable."

I'm reminded that while Amicus might be more open to criticizing the
parents, he certainly still believes in their plan.

I don't know if I feel the same quite yet.

               MARCO
               "You saw our future?"

Amicus pauses, probably wondering if this is okay to share.

He seems to make up his mind.

               AMICUS
               "Yes...it was beautiful."

               MARCO
               "I just...I worry it's not really going to
               happen. I've only thought of it now, but what
               if they're leading us on?"

Amicus grunts in surprise, clearly not having thought of that himself.

               AMICUS
               "They wouldn't do that...but I suppose there
               is some degree of trust that goes into this,
               yeah? We're here because of them, all of us
               are, and I have to trust that."

I sigh deeply.

               MARCO
               "I just wish we could run away to some other
               peaceful planet, or something..."

               MARCO
               "...but I know we wouldn't be together unless
               we were meant to do this, so I guess that's
               partly why I'm going along with it."

               AMICUS
               "You know, judging by the vision, I think we
               will come to believe in our mission over
               time."

               MARCO
               "I hope so..."

Amicus slowly pulls me back to lie down with him, both of us lying on our
sides as he spoons me.

I try to think of something to say, anything, really.

Time is truly running out now, but I still come up short.

Instead, I lie back against Amicus, amongst the many silver wrappers of
food, listening to him suck on his candies.

It's comfortable, and for a moment, I let go of my worries, and the
tiredness of the night before catches up to me...

               COMPUTER
               "Exiting the stretch drive. Prepare for
               arrival in 20 minutes."

I come to with a sudden jolt, Amicus jumping behind me as well.

I sit up, rubbing my eyes.

               MARCO
               "Wait, already?"

Amicus sits up next to me, a paw on my back.

               AMICUS
               "Are you alright?"

               MARCO
               "Dammit, Amicus! We were supposed to stay
               up!"

There's a sinking feeling in my chest as I realize we've slept away most of
the time we had to travel.

               MARCO
               "Why'd you let me fall asleep?"

I look at him accusingly, even as my eyes start to blur with tears.

               AMICUS
               "Sorry, we were both so tired. You seemed at
               peace and I didn't—"

               MARCO
               "Ugh!"

I throw off the blanket that Amicus had pulled over us, and step out of
bed, turning away in case I break down like a little kid.

               AMICUS
               "Marco?"

I act like I don't hear him, moving to the cockpit area to look out the
windows.

Sure enough, we're no longer in the stretch, instead drifting toward a
familiar globe in the distance.

               COMPUTER
               "Approaching Earth. Will arrive at Marco's
               residence in Rome, Italy."

A heavy paw rests on my back.

               AMICUS
               "Marco?"

               MARCO
               "We're out of time."

The lump in my throat makes it hard to talk.

Slowly, Amicus hugs me.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, we did have time. Several months, in
               fact. A few hours on a ship is no time lost."

               MARCO
               "Any time is time lost at this point."

Amicus doesn't say anything, and I lean my head back against him,
swallowing down my bitter attitude because I'm not about to let it ruin our
last moments together.

               MARCO
               "Sorry, I'm just...I'm not ready."

               AMICUS
               "I'll be able to come into your apartment. We
               do still have a bit of time left, you know."

I nod quietly, allowing Amicus to hold me for a bit until we have to get
back in our seats for reentry.

I feel slightly queasy as we approach Earth at an unreal speed.

I quickly spot Europe, the brilliant sprawl of lights spanning the
continent as a whole are far more intense than any city on Adastra.

Italy's characteristic, boot-like shape stands out from the darkness of the
seas that surround it.

I focus on the glittering patch that I know is Rome, and within seconds,
we're descending into it.

               MARCO
               "Won't everyone see us?"

               AMICUS
               "We're cloaked."

I trust what the wolf says, even though I haven't noticed any difference.

We continue to descend at a rapid pace, and as we approach a block of
apartments, I grip onto the seat in anticipation of a hard landing...but
our sudden, yet gradual halt is gentle.

We come to a rest on the roof of my residence.

               MARCO
               "You landed on the roof?"

               AMICUS
               "Indeed! There was no room elsewhere."

Amicus opens the door and jumps out, and again I'm worried about being
seen.

But when he helps me out, I realize how dark it is.

               COMPUTER
               "Stretch schedule indicates liftoff should
               commence in fifteen minutes."

Another twist in my chest as we're down to literally minutes.

Amicus leads the way to a fire escape, and I'm struck by how strange it is
seeing my wolf framed by this human world.

The sights of Rome, the sounds of distant traffic...it almost makes me
dizzy with how familiar it is despite having been away for so long.

Amicus stops at a balcony, and I trust that it's the one to my apartment as
he boldly slides open the door, apparently aware that the landlord never
seems to keep it locked.

I step inside, and through the darkness I can see that my personal
belongings are gone, obviously.

It's cleaned out and looks just about the same as when I first got there.

It's empty, luckily, and I wonder if anyone has stayed here since I went
missing...probably not if there was an investigation.

I swallow hard, remembering how much media coverage and documentaries there
were about the two Canadian and British students that went missing here a
few years ago.

And the coverage of an Australian student who disappeared a week before I
arrived.

I hope I didn't get the same treatment while I was away, but I get the
feeling that I must have.

I shake my head, once again wondering where to even begin.

I turn around, seeing Amicus standing there, and immediately I get a
painful, stabbing feeling between my throat and chest.

His pose and demeanor, it's finally reflecting that our time together is
coming to an end.

We both stand a few feet apart, unsure of what to say.

               AMICUS
               "Well..."

               MARCO
               "Yeah..."

               AMICUS
               "I suppose we should begin our farewells."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, until next time, at least."

               AMICUS
               "Yes, it will only be a moment in the overall
               time that we will have together."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, I'll bet when you come back to get me
               we'll be like 'wow, it was only yesterday you
               dropped me off'."

               AMICUS
               "Of course! Not even a full day. It will feel
               like hours, I'm sure."

               MARCO
               "The parents called it a cosmic microsecond,
               or something."

               AMICUS
               "Ah, well, probably a bit longer than a
               microsecond, though I'm unsure of the length
               of a cosmic one."

               MARCO
               "Eight years, I guess."

               AMICUS
               "I suppose that would be the case."

I try not to think about all of the things that are gonna make me cry.

Like the thought of not waking up to Amicus for the first time in months.

Or the fact that I won't have someone to really talk to at the end of the
day.

That I won't have someone who's just genuinely kind and loving toward me
like no one ever was before.

I swallow the lump in my throat again.

No, I'll have time to fall apart as soon as he leaves.

I step forward and hug Amicus, burying my face in the warmth of his furry
body, breathing in his scent.

I'm determined to imprint this moment in my mind, something to help weather
what I'm sure will be a hard eight years.

He rocks us back and forth for a moment, kissing my head like he always
does.

               AMICUS
               "You are more than prepared for this. You're
               strong. Why else would you have been chosen?"

               MARCO
               "Thanks, and you'll continue to be an amazing
               emperor, Amicus."

               AMICUS
               "Here's hoping."

               MARCO
               "Though I still don't even know what to do
               right now, to be honest. Like...do I just
               walk out into the street next?"

               AMICUS
               "Oh!"

Amicus steps back, feeling around his cape and trousers.

               AMICUS
               "I really hope I remembered...ah! Here."

Amicus pulls out a slim, silver rod about a foot long.

It's one of those holographic tablets that I see the imperial family
carrying around every now and then, aside from Amicus.

I've gotten the impression that he just isn't fond of electronics.

               AMICUS
               "The parents have instructed me to give you
               this. It will connect to your lingua which
               will transmit and display information that
               you might need."

               AMICUS
               "Otherwise, all communication will be through
               the lingua."

I reach out, taking it, the cold metal light in my hands.

               MARCO
               "You almost forgot to give it to me."

               AMICUS
               "Ah yeah, well, I did remember!"

I sigh, turning the rod over in my hands.

               AMICUS
               "You turn it on by tapping the top."

I do as I'm told, and a blue, glowing plane slides out from the rod, like a
page attached to the spine of a book.

It's blank for now, though I know what will appear soon enough.

               AMICUS
               "Just wait until they offer instructions."

               MARCO
               "Okay."

I tap the top of the rod again, and the hologram recedes.

Another awkward moment of silence, then...

               AMICUS
               "Marco, I am so happy to have met you, and I
               thank you. You have made me a better man, and
               though this will be painful..."

Amicus's voice cracks.

His resolve to remain strong finally gives in.

               AMICUS
               "I will think of you every day, and we will
               meet again in eight years, no matter what
               might happen between now and then. I will see
               you again."

His voice is strained as he struggles to get his words out.

Then the tears really begin spilling over.

               AMICUS
               "Dammit..."

Amicus raises a paw to cover his face in frustration, like he actually
planned on not crying before we parted ways.

And I find that silly, because of course we'd cry.

I'm doing the same as I move forward and wrap him up in a tight, almost
desperate hug.

He crushes me to his body, letting out a loud, gasping sob through his
teeth as I feel the wetness of his tears land on my head.

               AMICUS
               "I love you, so much, Marco."

               MARCO
               "I love you, too."

               AMICUS
               "Like I've said, this is simply a stone in
               the way of our chariot's wheel. These few
               years are simply the push, and we'll be on
               our way again."

               MARCO
               "And things will get easier over time."

               AMICUS
               "Without a doubt. And remember your ring.
               Though I might be moving away, I'm moving
               right toward you from the other side. We are
               permanently connected."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, the universe is spherical. I don't
               care about the other theories."

We both stand there, holding each other, trembling and sobbing.

After a few minutes though, we both calm down a little, and eventually, I
hear Com buzz faintly in Amicus's ear.

               COMPUTER
               "Liftoff sequence should be engaged in one
               minute."

Amicus steps back, firmly gripping my shoulders.

He's smiling through the tears.

               AMICUS
               "And I think we shall see each other before
               then. The parents are mysterious, like I
               said."

               MARCO
               "Definitely."

               AMICUS
               "Marco, my lover, my partner, my future
               husband...I love you."

               MARCO
               "And you know I love you too."

Amicus pulls me against his chest again, hard, squeezing me.

               AMICUS
               "You will have amazing success here. And I'll
               see you soon, very soon."

He plants a kiss on my mouth, and I have just enough time to kiss back
before my wolf turns away and disappears out the balcony door.

I listen to the metallic sounds of his footsteps hurrying up the fire
escape, then nothing until there's a soft hum that I can only imagine is
the ship before it's silent again.

I stand there in the dark room, feeling a little stunned before moving to
turn on the light.

I stand there, staring, unsure of how to feel.

For the moment, it's mostly just an empty feeling, one that I'm sure will
start to ache as I come to realize how lonely I actually am.

For now though, I move to the desk, waiting, thinking.

Then I set the metal rod on top of the desk and tap the top.

The blue plane appears again, and I stare at it.

It's blank, and I start to wonder if I should keep it open.

I already know what I need to do.

Maybe I should try to get some more sleep before facing what I'm sure will
be a chaotic day.

At that moment though, I feel a twitch in my left eyelid.

Then words appear on the blue plane.

               "Proceed to the European Commission offices.
               The committee is expecting your arrival in
               one hour and twenty minutes."

I read the words, knowing that the parents have already made contact here.

They didn't leave me alone to try and convince Earth of the *Galaxias*.

I look around, as if I have something to take with me.

But no, I'm still in my robes.

People will probably just think I'm a street performer or a crazy tourist.

...At three in the morning.

My eyelid twitches again and a map appears on the screen, showing me a half
hour walk through various alleys and backstreets, meant to keep me out of
sight, I imagine.

So, with a deep breath, I pocket my alien gadget, preparing myself to begin
this journey.

I still don't trust the parents, not at all, but knowing the ultimate goal
helps me stay on this path that they have me on.

Unify Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Americas.

Keep the powers in Washington, Beijing, and Moscow in the dark until they
fall in line.

Then we all unify as equals...

That's it, that's how you bring Earth together as one.

Easy.

I shake my head.

I'm scared, but also relieved that things are moving so quickly.

I'm also relieved that this will keep my mind off the separation I'd just
experienced.

With any luck, I'll be kept busy enough that I won't have to feel the full
brunt of that agony all at once.

I look back into the room where it all started, taking a deep breath.

I'm actually kind of excited; the thing I'd been dreading for months has
now started, and that gives me a boost of adrenaline, preparing myself to
face my duty.

Then I turn off the light, leaving the apartment behind, ready to start
another new life.

I make my way quickly to the throne room, trying my best to contain my
excitement.

The most difficult part of this exciting new life I have is pretending that
I'm not excited at all.

So I try to look dignified as I walk into the throne room, toward Amicus
seated at the back.

I stop and bow as low as I possibly can.

               AMICUS
               "No need for that. What news do you have,
               Scipio?"

Unfortunately, I can't stop the smile from spreading across my face as I
hold up the message.

               SCIPIO
               "The pharaoh has accepted our request. The
               diplomatic mission may commence as soon as
               you are ready, Emperor Amicus."