The snuffling in my hair pauses as Amicus absorbs what I'd just said.

AMICUS
  "The parents?"

MARCO
  "Yeah."

AMICUS
  "THE parents?"

I sigh, wondering if I'm going to have just as much trouble convincing
Amicus of this as I did with everyone else.

I still remember the look Neferu gave me when I told him about the drug
trip I had.

Amicus seems to sense my frustration and hugs me a little tighter.

AMICUS
  "Hey, I'm just surprised, I believe you. I have no reason not to."

He nuzzles my head again.

AMICUS
  "Did they come to you in a dream, or..."

MARCO
  "Sort of."

I tell Amicus what happened in the hallway in front of the meditation room.

AMICUS
  "Wha—"

I push through his shocked exclamations and go on to describe the dreams
I'd been having as well.

AMICUS
  "What? But why wouldn't you tell me this?"

I shrug against his body.

MARCO
  "I forgot about them as soon as I woke up. I didn't remember until after
what happened with Cassius."

AMICUS
  "Well—"

I feel Amicus's chest puff up with pride.

AMICUS
  "—sounds like I really am meant to be emperor, eh?"

MARCO
  "That's what they said, but you know what else this means?"

AMICUS
  "Mm?"

MARCO
  "The monitors know I'm here. They're okay with it. So I guess it's not
really even illegal, right?"

There's a pause.

AMICUS
  "I mean, it may have been just a dream, but it's nice to hear,
nevertheless. Also, stay away from that room."

AMICUS
  "While I find it funny that Cassius is using *somni* to make contact, I'd
rather you not use it."

Amicus kisses the top of my head as I let out a sigh of exasperation.

MARCO
  "I didn't do it on purpose...and you said you'd believe me!"

Amicus lets out a chuckle that rumbles through his torso and into my back.

It's a comforting feeling and despite my annoyance, I find myself pressing
deeper against him.

AMICUS
  "I believe that you saw these things, but who can say if it was real, or
not? Sometimes I have dreams of entities that I believe are the parents,
but I don't necessarily believe it actually is them."

I'm quiet for a moment, letting the silence drag out and I know Amicus well
enough at this point that he's got his ears pointed up, waiting for me to
respond.

MARCO
  "Trust me. Like seriously, you need to trust me on this Amicus."

Amicus spends his own moment being quiet, resting his cheek against my
head, contemplating.

MARCO
  "DO you trust me?"

There's only a short pause.

AMICUS
  "Alright, yes. I do trust you."

There's a sense of conviction in his voice, and I can tell that he really
is determined to believe me.

MARCO
  "Thank you. But I only say that because of something else that happened."

AMICUS
  "What was that?"

I take a deep breath.

Amicus, sensing my anxiety, suddenly turns me in his lap to face him,
letting me lay my head against his chest as he pets the side of my face.

AMICUS
  "Hey, you can tell me anything, Marco. Like I said, I believe you."

He says it even more firmly this time, tipping his muzzle down to look at
me as I look up at him, meeting eyes.

MARCO
  "Alright, so I was in the archives with Virginia yesterday—"

Amicus's eyes widen.

AMICUS
  "The archives? What were you doing in there?"

This reminds me that I also need to tell Amicus about what we've been
plotting this past week.

MARCO
  "I'll tell you in a bit, but something happened when I was...hooked up to
the machine.

AMICUS
  "You connected with it? Why woul—"

MARCO
  "In a bit. Anyway, while I was hooked up, I had another vision from the
parents."

Amicus thinks.

AMICUS
  "Well...I suppose that would make more sense considering that's the way
the emperor speaks with them...but it's only the emperor they speak to."

MARCO
  "Yeah, well, for whatever reason they started talking to me...actually
YOU started talking to me."

AMICUS
  "Me?"

MARCO
  "I think so. You were like, yelling, telling me that you didn't want me
to leave you."

AMICUS
  "Oh, well, that does sound like something I would say in such a
situation."

MARCO
  "But you sounded really scared and sad, and I felt like I couldn't
breathe; my throat hurt and just felt weird."

AMICUS
  "Hmmm..."

Amicus seems to contemplate all of this, but doesn't say anything more.

I start to get frustrated, but I realize that I can't really expect him to
offer more information that I don't already know.

I guess I had hoped that he would have more insight into why parents do
things the way that they do.

But really, I'm on my own figuring this all out.

I sigh and lean my head against the wolf's chest.

AMICUS
  "Hey, what's wrong? I'm sure you'll be fine. The parents are very
mysterious. My father had several visions he had trouble interpreting."

MARCO
  "I just—I feel like something bad is going to happen, like really bad,
and I don't know what it is that I should do to stop it."

AMICUS
  "Did they give you any guidance at all?"

MARCO
  "They just said to give in to their 'benevolent will', or something like
that."

Amicus gently pushes me back so that he can look at me directly before he
smiles gently.

AMICUS
  "Well, there's your answer. The parents only want what is best for all of
us. Just follow their guidance, keep your mind and heart open to them and
all will turn out as it should."

Those sentences wouldn't be out of place during a sermon in a church on
Earth, and I'm reminded again how these parents really are seen as gods.

It's a comforting thought that I could just do as they say and be just
fine, made all the more comforting by Amicus's smile and confidence in the
matter.

But there's a nagging feeling in the back of my mind, that there's more to
the parents than the wolves seem to know.

I lower my voice a bit.

MARCO
  "I just...I just don't know if I trust them."

Amicus laughs, and that actually does annoy me.

MARCO
  "Hey, I'm serious. There's something off about all of this, like the way
they're going about things. If they want me to do something then they
should just tell me instead of showing me scary visions."

Amicus forces himself to stop laughing and clears his throat, trying to
look serious.

AMICUS
  "I'm sorry, Marco, I just sometimes forget that you are outside the
*Galaxias* and aren't accustomed to these things. The parents are nothing
but benevolence and goodwill."

AMICUS
  "We all feel their guidance in our lives, even if we're not able to speak
to them directly like the emperor. The fact that you are able to do so is
an incredible honor. You should happy, not worried."

Amicus strokes my hair.

MARCO
  "Yeah but don't you think me being an outsider gives me a different
perspective on all of this? What if they aren't what they say they are?"

AMICUS
  "They are, and have no reason not to be."

Amicus's voice becomes more firm, and I can tell that he's starting to
become uncomfortable with my questions.

AMICUS
  "My advice to you? Listen to them. They will help you...and maybe even
figure out a way to get us out of this mess."

AMICUS
  "Besides, it's a great relief to know that you may be here for a reason.
I'm starting to think I was meant to find you."

Amicus hugs me again.

I decide not to press further.

I love and trust Amicus, but he's clearly on board with anything to do with
the parents, and I doubt I'd be able to make him question that.

Not that I really want to anyway, I just worry that I'm being lead down a
path that I really don't want to go down.

AMICUS
  "Oh, Marco."

Amicus, clearly sensing my continuing anxiety, pulls me forward to kiss me.

I kiss back, and it feels good even though my stomach continues to churn.

COMPUTER
  "Ten minutes remaining, Marco."

Com uses his loud voice to call down to us from the top of the ladder.

Amicus and I sigh in unified frustration.

AMICUS
  "Ummm...want to have a little fun before you go?"

I look down, and I'm kind of amazed to see that he still has a boner, which
makes me wonder how much he'd really been engaged in our conversation.

MARCO
  "I have to tell you—"

I catch myself and lower my voice.

MARCO
  "—what we've been doing to get you out."

AMICUS
  "You can do that...and other things at the same time."

Amicus tries not to look too eager.

I roll my eyes but press my hand against his chest and draw it slowly down
the wolf's front, over the curve of his stomach.

He immediately moans quietly as I reach the lower part of his abdomen and I
see the bulge jump in his underwear as his hips even thrust up a bit too.

I laugh at his eagerness, and I have to admit that it's kind of nice to
have something more light-hearted to do while I discuss all of these
troubling issues with my wolf.

For the next little while, I walk around the gardens, taking advantage of
the mild weather.

I've noticed it's become cooler and less humid over the past week, which is
nice.

Apparently this is as cold as it gets on this part of Adastra though, and
it never snows.

I sigh and sit on a bench, thinking back on my meeting with Amicus just an
hour ago.

It had been easier to say goodbye to the wolf this time, especially now
that I know Cassius is willing to let us see each other as much as is
possible.

That being whenever Cato is out, which is good, because he's gone a lot of
the time doing his "official business", or whatever.

Amicus, once again, had recommended I distance myself from the plotting so
as not to get caught up if we get exposed.

I reassure him even though I know I'm going to do whatever it takes to see
this through, even if that means I will have to put myself in danger.

I don't want Amicus to be down there for another day.

Just yesterday, Cassius...or Cato, banned all talk of Amicus on Adastra,
which Neferu told me only caused the rumors to really start flying.

They range from Amicus being imprisoned (true), banished, or even executed.

This is good for us, I'm told, because the public, whether they liked
Amicus or not, generally doesn't feel he should be struck from existence
just because he lost the emperorship.

In other words, the people will likely be on our side when we finally
reveal everything.

Hopefully.

That's really all we can rely on considering the emperor holds so much
power, even if the way it was achieved was illegitimate.

The triumvirates barely check the emperor's power, so unless the people as
a whole come together, it would be difficult to remove Cassius from the
throne.

If Cassius still refuses to step down, our options will be very limited,
and most probably won't turn out well for me, or anyone here that's not
part of the family.

Still, Cassius is proud, very proud.

Neferu and Virginia think he'll either step down, or at least accept combat
to go out with honor.

Hopefully the first because I really don't know how Amicus would deal with
the idea of having to kill his brother.

I sigh and lean back on the bench, really getting frustrated with all of
this political bullshit.

This had been the exact type of thing Cassius wanted to get rid of, but now
it just seems worse than ever.

Just as I'm thinking this, I see Alex.

He's just up the path, standing right in the middle of it...

...and he's looking right at me.

I give a start, then just stare back at him.

He doesn't move, just goes on looking at me, and I start to wonder what the
hell he's doing.

He doesn't have his usual smile on either, and as a soft breeze blows
through the leaves and foliage, I start to feel like I'm in some kind of
horror movie.

Actually, now that I know who he really is, I do start to feel a little
concerned about what he's capable of.

So I decide to act casual and stand up, raising a hand and walking over to
the cat.

MARCO
  "Hey, Alex."

ALEXIOS
  "Alexios will do, Marco."

MARCO
  "Um, okay. Hi Alexios."

ALEXIOS
  "Ahhotep be with you, Marco."

MARCO
  "What?"

ALEXIOS
  "I feel things should be more formal between us from now on, that is
all."

MARCO
  "No, I mean why that greeting?"

I'd heard Neferu use it many times, but no one else.

ALEXIOS
  "You are a Khemian, are you not?"

That gives me pause.

MARCO
  "Oh, yeah, I guess I am."

The cat smirks.

ALEXIOS
  "Odd. You seem to have forgotten your own citizenship."

I shrug.

MARCO
  "Still getting used to it."

ALEXIOS
  "I mean, it's something that even some siblings desire, not to mention
children...or even the uncontacted."

I raise an eyebrow.

MARCO
  "That so?"

ALEXIOS
  "Certainly. Who wouldn't want to be part of the most spoiled civilization
in the galaxy?"

I sigh, still tired from thinking about all of this political maneuvering.

Playing games with Alexios is the last thing I want to do right now.

MARCO
  "Cut the bullshit, Alex. What do you want?"

ALEXIOS
  "Excuse me?"

MARCO
  "You're excused."

I walk past the cat, listening to him sputter in surprise.

ALEXIOS
  "You...you have some nerve to talk to a sibling like that."

I frown, glancing back.

MARCO
  "What's that supposed to mean?"

ALEXIOS
  "You're...you're not even a child, yet you throw your weight around here
like you're the most important person in the palace."

I laugh, loud.

I see the cat's ears pin back.

MARCO
  "Are you fucking kidding me? All of you assholes have been throwing ME
around with all your plots and fake niceties. I'm just trying to survive."

MARCO
  "Also, last I checked, Khemians are all equal, so I don't really give a
shit if you're a sibling."

Alex looks completely taken aback, which is completely satisfying.

MARCO
  "And haven't you always implied that the wolves are fucked up for looking
down on their children and treating them like slaves?"

Alex coughs to clear his throat.

ALEXIOS
  "My apologies, I simply lost my temper for a moment. You were just being
a bit rude."

MARCO
  "Or maybe deep down you're just as...speciesist, or whatever, as the
wolves, even though you try to pretend you're not...Neferu's the same way."

Even I'm surprising myself a little.

It's like the lid has finally blown off and I'm just using Alex to vent all
of my frustrations with this place.

ALEXIOS
  "What has gotten into you, Marco?"

There's a long pause, and I finally sigh, rubbing my face.

MARCO
  "Sorry, I'm just...I think I'm losing my mind here."

For the first time in a while, I see the cat crack a genuine smile.

ALEXIOS
  "I can tell you then that you're not meant to be a diplomat."

MARCO
  "Definitely not."

For a moment, I feel that old, familiar kinship I had with the cat not even
a few weeks ago.

I do believe that in any other situation, in one where we're not all spies,
Alex and I could have been really good friends.

I know that can't be the case now though, so I stop smiling and look
Alexios right in the eye.

MARCO
  "But seriously, what do you want? I can tell you're trying to get
something out of me."

Alex becomes serious too, smile fading.

He considers me for a long while, probably realizing that I'm not going to
play his little game.

ALEXIOS
  "Alright, Marco, who are you? I know you're not an abandoned child. What
is it that you want and what are you doing here?"

MARCO
  "So you want to know everything?"

ALEXIOS
  "Yes."

MARCO
  "And why should I tell you?"

Alex smirks.

ALEXIOS
  "Why be blunt if we're going to play the game anyway, Marco?"

MARCO
  "I'm just curious as to why you're so curious. I hardly matter in all of
this."

ALEXIOS
  "That is a complete lie. Everything has changed here since you arrived.
This is why I want to know."

MARCO
  "But why does it matter that you know?"

ALEXIOS
  "I am an important link between Omorfa and Adastra. It is my job to know
what is happening in this empire."

MARCO
  "Uh-huh, so who told you I'm uncontacted...Cassius?"

ALEXIOS
  "You've deduced correctly. But I also know that the monitors seem to
approve of it...which is rather odd."

I shrug.

MARCO
  "Again, I don't know what's going on. Anyway, I don't see why I'd tell
you anything if I don't know anything about you."

ALEXIOS
  "Why, I'm just a simple pet. I don't know anything that's going on."

His tone of voice tells me that he's mocking me.

I raise an eyebrow, but don't say anything.

Alex sighs.

ALEXIOS
  "The simplest way I can explain it is that I'm trying to maintain peace
in the *Galaxias* as a whole. That mainly involves watching the motives of
the wolves."

MARCO
  "Why's that?"

ALEXIOS
  "Because...they can be dangerous."

MARCO
  "Okay. Are none of the other siblings dangerous?"

ALEXIOS
  "Marco, Adastra is the only civilization in the galaxy to wage war on
another sibling in over ten millennia...and they were the perpetrators in
the previous war as well."

ALEXIOS
  "Not only that, but they waged war on an almost parent-level
civilization. They're suicidal, and I can't imagine why the Khemians want
an alliance with them."

I think.

MARCO
  "Do you...not want the alliance to happen?"

This seems to go against what Alex would want.

I thought he wanted Amicus to take the throne.

ALEXIOS
  "I want the *Galaxias* to remain safe. Is the alliance something YOU want
to happen?"

I frown, wondering why he's asking me.

MARCO
  "I mean, to me it seems like it would create peace, so yeah."

Alex's eyes narrow, like he figured something out.

MARCO
  "What, do you want the wolves to stay isolated?"

ALEXIOS
  "I just want order. The wolves have none of that."

The silence stretches out between us.

ALEXIOS
  "I suppose you're still not going to tell me anything about yourself,
then?"

MARCO
  "I didn't say I would, and there really isn't much to tell."

ALEXIOS
  "How about this; how did you secure Khemian citizenship? That's not
something that's just given out to children who are presumed to belong to
wolves."

The question takes me by surprise, though this whole Khemian thing does
seem to be what's bothering him most, especially after his greeting.

I think, but the truth doesn't seem harmful here.

MARCO
  "Honestly, it was just to protect me from Cassius. He doesn't really like
me, if you haven't noticed."

The expression on Alex's face tells me that he definitely doesn't believe
me.

ALEXIOS
  "Cassius wouldn't harm you unless you did something that deserved it."

MARCO
  "He said he wanted to execute me because I back talked him and Amicus
slapped his nose."

Alex's ears flatten.

ALEXIOS
  "Cassius...says things. He's very passionate."

MARCO
  "That's one way to put it."

I shift on my feet, starting to get tired of this conversation.

MARCO
  "Listen, I have nothing against you, Alex. I'm just trying to get through
this as much as you are."

ALEXIOS
  "Neferu gave you the citizenship, right?"

MARCO
  "Uhhh...yeah?"

ALEXIOS
  "And you're working with him to make the alliance a reality, correct?"

That stops me.

MARCO
  "What? No...no, I'm focused on Amicus right now."

Alex glares.

ALEXIOS
  "Which is still part of the alliance."

MARCO
  "I guess so, but honestly that's not really my top priority right now."

ALEXIOS
  "It is part of your top priority."

I'm getting frustrated and I start to sidle off toward the palace.

MARCO
  "Yeah, we established that. Listen, I'm gonna lay down. I'm tired."

Alex goes on staring and doesn't say anything.

MARCO
  "Again, I have nothing against you. I hope that we can just...go back to
normal in the future once this is over, ya know?"

ALEXIOS
  "Indeed."

With that, Alex turns and walks away up the path, leaving me to stare after
him.

I decide to ask Neferu about what happened with Alex.

I know they had some kind of relationship going on, so maybe he can
enlighten me on the cat's motives.

My mouth is already open as I'm walking into the bedroom when I'm hit with
a blast of sound.

In front of me is Neferu with his back to me, though I can see that he's in
his underwear.

He's moving fluidly around, arms and paws waving about and pausing at odd
angles while his feet slide across the ground, gliding back and forth.

At first, I think he's doing some kind of exercise, but then I can hear him
singing over the music.

It's wordless because it doesn't translate through the lingua, just a sort
of howling sound, though very different from the wolves.

It's very loud and it's a wonder I couldn't hear it in the hallway.

It doesn't necessarily sound bad, but I can tell Neferu isn't putting much
effort into making it sound nice.

Still, I feel like I'm walking in on something private, so I consider
backing out.

Of course, that's when he spins around and immediately spots me standing
there in front of the door, my mouth still open.

Quickly, I fix my face into a pleasant smile, trying to act casual so I
don't embarrass him.

MARCO
  "Oh hey, Neferu, I was—"

I pause as I see Neferu grinning back at me.

MARCO
  "Um, I was just, uh...you okay?"

I have to almost shout over the music.

The Jackal is swaying back and forth a little bit, almost like he's still
dancing.

NEFERU
  "Oh, Marco, what an incredibly pleasant and joyous surprise."

MARCO
  "Uhhh...Thanks?"

The jackal begins to dance again, facing me this time, though he doesn't
sing, thankfully.

MARCO
  "Are you okay?"

NEFERU
  "Better than I've ever been, my Simian friend! What do you think of the
music?"

Neferu nods at the ceiling.

MARCO
  "It's...It's nice...kinda loud."

NEFERU
  "I'm sorry, I need to hear sounds from home every now and then. The
wolves have no...*spice* in their music."

The jackal slides his paws sensually over his torso, smoothing the fur down
to better accentuate his pecs and abs, his eyes glued to mine.

I look around and note the three bottles of wine on the bedside table.

MARCO
  "Oh...you're drunk."

NEFERU
  "I'm drunk."

Neferu spins in a circle and actually almost loses his balance, something
I've never seen him do.

I've seen him buzzed before, but he's always managed to keep his composure.

But now...

MARCO
  "How drunk?"

NEFERU
  "Too drunk, but—"

Neferu steadies himself against a pillar, leaning and rubbing his head
against it.

NEFERU
  "—at the same time, not drunk enough."

I quickly make sure the door is closed behind me before moving closer to
the jackal.

MARCO
  "Do you need help?"

NEFERU
  "What!?"

I raise my voice above the music.

MARCO
  "Do you—"

Neferu waves his paw at me.

NEFERU
  "Wait, Com, pause music."

COMPUTER
  "Pausing 'Dancing Amongst the Dunes' by Heqet."

NEFERU
  "I need another drink."

Neferu reaches out toward the table even though it's a good ten feet away,
and I look over to see that one of them is half full.

There's a pause, then Neferu opens his eyes, frowning at me.

NEFERU
  "I said I need a drink, Marco."

MARCO
  "And what do you think I'm gonna do about that?"

NEFERU
  "You're a slave. You know what to do."

I stare.

MARCO
  "Excuse me?"

NEFERU
  "You. Are. A. Slave."

Neferu pokes a finger in my direction with every word.

NEFERU
  "Don't let the wolves tell you any different. As long as you are here,
they are your master."

MARCO
  "But *you* were treating me like a slave just now."

NEFERU
  "I was making—"

Neferu pauses as he makes a strange swallowing/hiccuping sound.

NEFERU
  "I was making a point, clearly. Sorry, should I simplify my words for
you?"

The jackal goes on staring at the bottle, as if wondering if it's worth it
to make the journey there.

He turns back to me, as if just remembering that I'm there, though he seems
to have trouble focusing his eyes.

NEFERU
  "Don't worry, Marco, I am just as much a slave as you are. You have the
advantage of some day leaving, though."

I move closer, deciding to sit on my bed while Neferu goes on hugging at
the pillar, as if letting go will cause him to fall.

That wouldn't be good considering the fountain is right there.

MARCO
  "You can't leave whenever you want?"

Neferu chuckles, then guffaws, another sound I've never heard from him.

NEFERU
  "You don't understand. I can leave, but I *can't* leave."

MARCO
  "...Yeah, I don't think I do understand."

Suddenly, Neferu's ears flatten.

NEFERU
  "You really fucked this up for me, do you understand that?"

I blink.

MARCO
  "What?"

NEFERU
  "You. Fucked. My. Life."

This time Neferu uses his foot to point at me...or really just sort of
kicking it in my direction.

MARCO
  "What the hell are you talking about?"

NEFERU
  "If you hadn't come here, Cato would not have had the excuse to nullify
Amicus's emperorship. I would be halfway through negotiating an alliance by
now."

MARCO
  "Wait, this isn't my fault. I was brought here against my will, Neferu."

Neferu makes another deep swallowing sound, then just belches loudly.

NEFERU
  "Yes, yes, I'm sorry. I forget it's mostly that big idiot's fault."

I feel my temper snap and I stand up.

Now is not the time I wanted to find out that my most important ally
actually blames me and my boyfriend for the situation he's in.

MARCO
  "Hey, I know you're drunk, but I'm not gonna listen to you say this shit.
You can call me back when you've sobered up and stop feeling sorry for
yourself."

I start walking toward the door quickly, feeling a little sick at the whole
situation.

If Neferu really is turning on me, that means the only person I can trust
here is in the dungeon.

I really would be alone.

NEFERU
  "Wait..."

His voice is so quiet that I'm almost not even sure if I'd heard it.

I pause though, looking back over my shoulder.

He's still leaned up against the pillar, his ears down, gazing at the
ground.

I'm about to ask him to repeat himself, but that's when he suddenly lets
out a gasp and slides down the pillar to his knees.

He crumples on the ground, paws covering his face as he trembles and starts
to sob loudly.

NEFERU
  "I'm...I'm s—so sorry. I don't...I don't know what I'm—what I'm doing."

I stare, open-mouthed, watching the jackal cry for several seconds.

Apparenly "too drunk" means "waaaaay too drunk".

Still, this jackal clearly has a lot of problems that he doesn't tell
anyone about.

Actually, he doesn't really have anyone to tell them to on this alien moon.

At least I have Amicus.

So, after standing there in stunned silence for a moment, I walk over to
Neferu.

I stand awkwardly at his side for a moment, watching his broad, black-
furred shoulders heave up and down before I kneel and rest a hand on his
back.

I see his ears perk up for a moment in reaction, but otherwise he doesn't
say anything.

I'm generally not the best at comforting someone, especially when they're
crying, but I rub my hand in a circle through the fur.

MARCO
  "Hey...I get it. This whole thing is really frustrating, but we'll figure
this out together."

I give the jackal a few minutes to finally calm down, then I start to pull
him up, pushing him in the direction of his bed.

He doesn't resist and stumbles up to it before falling face-down onto the
covers.

He wipes his face with the pillow and while he does that, I quickly grab
the wine bottles, moving them to the floor so that they're out of his
reach.

Finally, Neferu lets out a big, shuddery sigh.

NEFERU
  "Can you...rub my back again? It feels good."

The jackal's voice is stuffy from his clogged nose.

MARCO
  "Sure."

I kneel beside the bed before starting to rub Neferu's back again.

He sighs, head turned away from me.

I let the silence go on for a while, listening to the jackal sniffing every
couple of seconds before I finally speak.

MARCO
  "So uh...what happened?"

NEFERU
  "I drank."

MARCO
  "Yeah, speaking of which; Com, bring us a glass and pitcher of water
please?"

COMPUTER
  "Yes, Marco."

MARCO
  "And uh, take the wine bottles away too."

COMPUTER
  "Yes, Marco."

NEFERU
  "Nooo, my precious wolven wine."

Neferu says it in a mock sad voice, but combined with his already sad
state, there's not much of a difference.

MARCO
  "Again, what happened?"

NEFERU
  "I don't know...I suppose I realized how challenging this will all be. I
can't say I trust the wolven people to oust Cassius. They're rather
accepting of corrupt officials."

I think, trying to approach this delicately.

MARCO
  "Is your family making you do this, like they won't let you come back
unless you cultivate the alliance?"

NEFERU
  "Hehe, my family doesn't even expect me to accomplish that, but that's
why I must do it. If I don't, I might as well be banished."

MARCO
  "It seems kind of unfair that they'd put all of this on you."

NEFERU
  "After what I've put them through, it's only fair."

I wait for more of an explanation, but he doesn't go on.

MARCO
  "So is what Alex said on the island about you and your family true?"

NEFERU
  "More or less."

Again, he doesn't seem interested in talking about it, so I just go on
rubbing his back.

MARCO
  "Well, we're gonna get Amicus out of the dungeons and onto the throne. I
know you don't believe that I've talked to the parents, but I really think
I have, and they're on our side."

Neferu chuckles.

MARCO
  "So you'll get that alliance."

NEFERU
  "I hope so, my friend."

We sit in silence for a long while, and even I start to enjoy the hypnotic
motion of rubbing Neferu's furry back in a large spiral motion.

My mind wanders back to the cat.

MARCO
  "Speaking of Alex, I had a weird conversation with him today. I think he
thinks we're like...conspiring against him, or something."

Neferu grunts.

NEFERU
  "Stay away from that cat. He's nothing but trouble."

MARCO
  "Well, he kept bringing up the alliance. He seemed to want to know my
role in it."

Neferu turns his face toward me, his eyes bloodshot, but the tears dried up
at this point.

NEFERU
  "I assume it had something to do with not wanting the alliance to
happen?"

MARCO
  "Yeah."

Neferu takes a deep breath and presses his face into the pillow, letting
out a long groan.

NEFERU
  "All I can say is don't trust him."

MARCO
  "Yeah, definitely not. I just don't really get what he's doing."

NEFERU
  "Neither do I, and that's why you should stay away from him."

MARCO
  "Really? I thought you two...I dunno, talked and did stuff together."

NEFERU
  "Which didn't shed any light on his motives. Considering the way our
relationship has changed, I doubt I'll get any more information from him."

MARCO
  "Sure you can't just seduce him again?"

Neferu cracks a smile.

NEFERU
  "Last time I tried that, he referred to me as a whore...which isn't
exactly inaccurate."

The doors open and a drone glides in, setting water down on the bedside
table and fetching the bottles from behind the jackals bed.

Neferu watches it go morosely.

I clear my throat, trying to distract him from the departing alcohol.

MARCO
  "I get what you mean though. It seems like he favors one side, then the
other. I don't get it."

Neferu waves his paw.

NEFERU
  "Best not to worry yourself with him and simply stay away. Omorfans are
famous for their quirks and seemingly contradictive behavior."

MARCO
  "Alright."

I rub for a while longer, switching hands as my arm starts getting tired.

I'm starting to think that the jackal has fallen asleep when he suddenly
speaks again, jolting me out of my trance.

NEFERU
  "We will be revealing our hand to Cassius tomorrow. With any luck, Amicus
will be free by the end of the week."

MARCO
  "Oh..."

I'm surprised, finding that hard to take in.

I knew this would be coming, but not so soon.

MARCO
  "How are we gonna do that?"

NEFERU
  "Well, we have three pieces of information that can help us. The first is
the footage from the third trial, hopefully that will be enough to convince
Cassius to step down."

Neferu suddenly shifts and slowly sits up, groaning again before reaching
for the pitcher and glass of water.

NEFERU
  "The second is the footage of Cato attacking me. I'd rather we not have
to use that, but if Cassius isn't convinced by the first, then we may have
to resort to it."

Neferu drinks deeply from his glass, and I watch him impatiently as he
drains the entire thing.

MARCO
  "And the third?"

Neferu gasps and leans back, setting the glass down.

NEFERU
  "Remember your little theory about the previous emperor's accident?"

I nod.

MARCO
  "Alex said the investigation was botched."

Neferu glances at me.

NEFERU
  "The fact that the cat tipped you off is worrying...but, it is very odd.
The investigation wasn't botched, but rather called off by the acting
emperor."

MARCO
  "Cato?"

NEFERU
  "Indeed. The investigators were only able to get as far as discovering a
possible malicious software installed on the ship's navigations system."

NEFERU
  "Considering software has to be installed through a port, and that the
ship is heavily protected whenever outside the palace, the installation
likely would have had to have happened while inside the palace."

MARCO
  "So Cato."

Neferu chuckles.

NEFERU
  "More than likely, yes, but I don't understand why. Cato was good friends
with the last emperor, and as far as I can tell, he was supportive of his
policies."

MARCO
  "Well, how people act on the outside doesn't really seem to matter much
around here."

NEFERU
  "Or anywhere. What convinced me of Cato's involvement however, is the
fact that every single investigator has gone missing since."

MARCO
  "What?"

NEFERU
  "Mhm."

I start to feel that icy fear in my chest again.

If it is Cato, then he really is ruthless.

What I saw happen to that doctor, Felix, could only be a taste of what Cato
is capable of.

NEFERU
  "Unfortunately, because there is no solid evidence linking Cato, I'm
afraid it might not be very effective. It could be another last resort
though."

NEFERU
  "Anyway, would you like to go with Virginia to try and convince him with
this information?"

MARCO
  "Really? You've been trying to get me to stay out of the way for the past
week."

NEFERU
  "To keep you safe, but I've noticed that Cassius may have taken a liking
to you as of late. You know him to some degree and could use that knowledge
to better convince him."

MARCO
  "Well, I wouldn't say he likes me, but yeah, I can try."

NEFERU
  "And as I said, Virginia will be there to help as well."

MARCO
  "I assume you're not going?"

Neferu smirks.

NEFERU
  "I am the last person he would want to see while discussing the possible
end of his rule. Besides, I know I'm not going to be feeling my best
tomorrow. I think I'll stay in bed for once."

MARCO
  "Drink more water."

Neferu sighs, just sort of looking at the pitcher.

I roll my eyes, reaching out to pour him another glass.

NEFERU
  "Oh how kind of you."

MARCO
  "I'm a slave, right?"

Neferu winces as he takes the glass from me.

NEFERU
  "No...you're a Khemian, and I think we'll be very proud to have you."

With that, he once again downs the entire thing.

I toss and turn most of the night, even while Neferu snores loudly in his
own bed.

I go over what I might be able to say to Cassius in case things go wrong
for whatever reason.

I find that difficult to do though, especially considering how angry and
unpredictable the wolf can be sometimes.

I manage to get maybe a couple hours of sleep.

But as soon as the sun starts shining through the opening in the roof, I'm
up and ready for Virginia to come get me.

That doesn't happen until about an hour later, and Neferu only lifts his
head for a moment when the wolf enters before groaning and dropping it back
to the pillow.

I'm hoping that he doesn't remember what happened yesterday, for his sake.

The amount of anticipation in the air is almost too much for me to handle
as I follow Virginia to the throne room.

It's a feeling that I haven't felt since the trials, since when I thought I
was about to be able to fly back home.

Now though, it's the anticipation that I'll be able to get Amicus out of
the dungeons.

We pause at the door, Virginia glancing at me.

VIRGINIA
  "Remember, speak only if absolutely necessary. This is of the utmost
importance."

I nod silently.

I get the feeling that she hadn't wanted me to come, but Neferu probably
insisted.

The wolf reaches out and presses the panel, opening the door.

I follow her in and immediately spot Cassius on his throne, still on his
little booster seat, but there's someone else too.

We'd chosen today because Cato still hadn't returned from his trip, thus
leaving Cassius alone.

Now though, Alex is here, kneeling beside the throne, his head on the
armrest while Cassius strokes his head, his other paw occupied with a
tablet-like device.

He glances up.

CASSIUS
  "Ah, sister...and Marco. What was it you needed?"

Virginia is silent until we stop at the base of the steps.

I come to a stop just behind her, to her left.

Cassius narrows his eyes as he looks down at us, probably realizing that
this is no ordinary visit.

Meanwhile, Alex just stares at us inquisitively, looking innocent and
oblivious as he always tries to.

VIRGINIA
  "Brother...I have something very, very important to discuss with you."

Cassius regards her for a moment, then glances at me.

CASSIUS
  "Why is he here?"

VIRGINIA
  "It involves him. It involves all of us, actually."

Cassius frowns deeply, expression growing more and more sour.

CASSIUS
  "And what is it, Virginia?"

Virginia takes a deep breath.

VIRGINIA
  "Cassius...you must abdicate."

It takes Cassius a moment to take that in, but when he does, his eyes widen
and his nostrils flare, leaning back in his throne like he's been slapped.

CASSIUS
  "E—excuse me?"

I wonder if this is the best way to go about telling Cassius that we're
about to try and take the throne from him.

I look around, wondering if there are any drones that he might use to blast
us with.

VIRGINIA
  "Cassius, we all know that this is illegitimate. You must consider—"

CASSIUS
  "Enough! I will hear no talk of this...from my own sister, no less! Leave
at once."

The young wolf is shaking in his seat, wide-eyed, ears flat.

VIRGINIA
  "Well, you must hear it."

CASSIUS
  "I must not! I followed every protocol. I am in my rightful place. Leave
now or I will have the drones escort you."

Alex is sitting up straight now, staring at us, his ears perked, and I kind
of wish that we could have had him leave the room.

Virginia remains calm, simply gazing back up at Cassius with an almost
stoic look.

VIRGINIA
  "Brother, you must hear it, because we have proof of your deception."

Cassius seems to have recovered from his initial shock, though he's still
trembling a bit, chest heaving for breath.

CASSIUS
  "What...proof?"

Virginia takes a deep breath.

VIRGINIA
  "You know that we already know about the staging, but we have footage of
the third trial...all of it."

Cassius stays quiet, unsure of what to say.

VIRGINIA
  "We have contacts in Adastra that will release it to the public tomorrow
evening."

Cassius swallows hard.

CASSIUS
  "I will close the news channels."

VIRGINIA
  "Not only to the news channels, but in portable formats as well that may
be copied and spread. You will not be able to stop all of it."

Cassius opens his mouth, then closes it, then opens it again...then closes
it.

He didn't see this coming at all.

Finally, his shoulders drop and he stares at the floor.

CASSIUS
  "Virginia...how could you do this to me?"

Virginia frowns, actually looking a bit sad.

VIRGINIA
  "How could you take the throne in such a dishonest manner? Mother taught
you better."

CASSIUS
  "Do not speak of mother!"

Cassius's response is instant and angry before he deflates again.

The silence stretches out for a while before Virginia speaks again.

VIRGINIA
  "I know you Cass. I know you're an honest, honorable wolf. I know you
don't want the emperorship like this."

Cassius goes on staring off into space.

MARCO
  "Do you even want to be emperor, Cassius?"

Virginia looks sharply over at me, but I ignore her for now, looking right
up at Cassius.

He turns his gaze slowly to me.

CASSIUS
  "What sort of question is that?"

MARCO
  "Remember when we saw the parents together?"

Cassius instantly bristles, his ears turning a deep red.

MARCO
  "You remember what they said, right?"

CASSIUS
  "I don't remember."

MARCO
  "Sure, anyway, you know what the parents think, what they want.
Just...listen to them, they only want what's best for this empire."

Cassius closes his eyes, taking a deep breath.

CASSIUS
  "Why are you doing this to me?"

He says it quietly, and I'm not sure if he's talking to me, Virginia, or
the both of us.

VIRGINIA
  "Because we also want what's best for the empire Cassius, and that
involves a legitimate emperor that rightfully sits upon the throne."

CASSIUS
  "I can't just abdicate. How many emperors have even done that? The
humiliation would be too great."

For the first time, I hear some resignation in Cassius's voice, and I
actually do believe that he doesn't want this emperorship anymore.

I jump in again.

MARCO
  "We can make up any story you want, Cassius. It doesn't have to be a
shameful thing. We can make it seem honorable...even though I think it
already is if you do step down."

Again, Cassius is silent, and I can only imagine all of the things that are
going through his head right now.

He knows that the release of the footage will destroy his image, cause
unrest, probably to the point that he'd never be able to recover if he
remained on the throne.

He already knows that he's been beaten.

Alex, meanwhile, continues to sit at his side, just staring at the two of
us.

I'm surprised he hasn't said anything at all, and again I'm not sure whose
side he's on.

VIRGINIA
  "Also, you need to demote Cato from Advisor, otherwise he will become
acting emperor again."

Cassius looks sharply at us.

MARCO
  "We know he's behind all of this...that you're a puppet, Cassius."

Cassius bristles and Virginia shoots me another warning look.

MARCO
  "But you're still the emperor. You have complete power over your advisor;
you can easily cut those strings."

Cassius looks about ready to say something, to protest, but again he slumps
down, just glaring at his knees.

CASSIUS
  "That would automatically make Amicus emperor."

It's not a question, just a defeated statement.

We don't say anything.

CASSIUS
  "I suppose he was always destined to be that. I was a fool to think I
could make this work."

Virginia's ears perk up and I feel a swooping feeling in my chest like I
just missed a step.

Alex just looks up at Cassius, frowning.

Cassius shakes his head.

CASSIUS
  "I'll need to think. You said tomorrow evening?"

VIRGINIA
  "The fourteenth hour."

Cassius sighs, then nods.

CASSIUS
  "I see. I will make an announcement tomorrow after breakfast. I need to
meditate."

VIRGINIA
  "Certainly."

Cassius drops his paw to his lap and picks up the glass tablet again, and
just like that, we're dismissed.

As Virginia turns to go, I quickly speak up.

MARCO
  "Uh, Cassius? Can I see Amicus again?"

He rolls his eyes.

CASSIUS
  "Gods...yes, in fact—"

He looks up at the ceiling.

CASSIUS
  "Com, set Marco's access to the dungeons as unrestricted...he'll be free
by tomorrow anyway, I'm sure."

MARCO
  "Thank you."

I bow because it feels like the right thing to do, but Cassius only grunts
in response.

I then quickly follow Virginia out into the hallway, almost skipping with
relief and excitement.

MARCO
  "Holy shit, that was easy!"

I whisper to the she-wolf as she maintains that stoic look.

VIRGINIA
  "It really was, wasn't it? It seems that Cassius isn't enjoying his
position on the throne after all."

MARCO
  "Did he think it would be easy?"

VIRGINIA
  "I think he never looked past beating Amicus. Now that he has, well..."

I shake my head.

MARCO
  "If that was his only reason, then he deserves this."

VIRGINIA
  "Well, I don't believe it was his only reason, he simply didn't prepare
himself beyond the trials."

Virginia side-eyes me.

VIRGINIA
  "And don't get too excited just yet. Nothing is final until Cassius says
the words."

MARCO
  "Yeah, but it looks like he's definitely going to."

VIRGINIA
  "It does, yes, but remain careful and vigilant, also—"

Virginia pauses as we reach a branch in the hallway where we would part
ways so that I can go to the dungeons.

I stop and look up at her, stepping from one foot to the other, eager to
tell Amicus the news.

VIRGINIA
  "You've noted my loyalty to Amicus over the past week, yes?"

MARCO
  "Uh, yeah?"

VIRGINIA
  "At the very least, this would be deserving of some time of official
position, don't you think?"

MARCO
  "You wanna be chief advisor, right?"

VIRGINIA
  "Yes. And you are very close to him."

MARCO
  "I'll get him to make it happen."

The wolf almost looks shocked.

I don't know why though; I'd assumed this was always part of the plan.

VIRGINIA
  "Thank you, Marco."

MARCO
  "Of course. I'll see you later today."

I leave the wolf standing there, trying not to walk too fast on my way to
the dungeons.

Amicus is shocked when I tell him the news, obviously, but like Virginia,
he tells me to stay cautious.

Anything can happen between now and when Cassius makes the announcement.

And we're definitely not guaranteed an abdication during said announcement.

Either way, I promise Amicus to come back down first thing in the morning
to tell him the news.

I leave in good spirits, and I catch Amicus's tail wagging more than it
usually does.

We might actually be at the end of this nightmare...

COMPUTER
  "Marco."

...

COMPUTER
  "Marco."

MARCO
  "Huh?"

I stare at the ceiling, wondering for a moment where I am.

COMPUTER
  "Marco, your presence is requested at breakfast."

MARCO
  "What?"

I try to focus, the memories of last night slowly coming back to me.

I'd returned to Virginia and Neferu having a drink to celebrate our
tentative victory.

I'd joined them and maybe I had too much...it's a bit blurry, but the
splitting headache is evidence enough.

Then I remember that Com woke me up.

MARCO
  "Wait, breakfast?"

COMPUTER
  "Yes, your presence is requested immediately."

I hadn't had breakfast with the family since Amicus was imprisoned, why
would they request me now?

That gets me nervous, knowing what's about to happen today.

I look over to once again see Neferu sleeping in his bed, his fur
uncharacteristically mussed up, just like yesterday morning.

Quickly, I jump out of bed, throwing on my robes and trying to straighten
out my hair as I hurry out and towards the dining room.

I wonder if maybe Amicus is already out of the dungeons.

Maybe he's the one requesting my presence?

But as I reach the door, I realize that's not the case.

Virginia, Cassius, and Cato sit on the beds while Alex kneels in front of
Cassius.

As I walk in, I can immediately tell that something's off.

The air is tense.

I come to a gradual stop, unsure of what to do as the rest of them glance
up at me.

CATO
  "Ah, is that Marco? How nice of you to join us. Would you care to serve
us our food and drink, please?"

Something is very wrong here.

Did Cassius tell Cato about what happened?

There's not much else I can do except walk over to kneel beside Alex,
reaching out to begin serving the wolves.

It's completely silent as all of them just watch me fumbling around with
the food.

Finally, Virginia breaks the silence.

VIRGINIA
  "Cato...is there a reason you called us all to breakfast?"

Cato turns his head in Virginia's direction.

CATO
  "Can't I enjoy a meal with the royal siblings? I simply wanted to discuss
my trip with you."

VIRGINIA
  "Oh, I see. It's just been so long since we've had a scheduled
breakfast."

CATO
  "It may be a good habit to get back into, wouldn't you agree, Emperor
Cassius?"

CASSIUS
  "Oh! Yes, definitely Cato...how was your trip?"

CATO
  "Wonderful, I had the pleasure of visiting Ad Rotae. Being the
entertainment capital of Adastra, I had such a good time observing the
plays...despite my inability to observe."

Cato starts laughing loudly and I can tell why everyone's on edge.

This isn't like Cato at all.

I set a plate out for Cato while Alex does the same for Cassius and while
he's working on Virginia's plate, Cato shifts.

CATO
  "Marco, could you hand us all our goblets? I am absolutely parched."

I had noticed that the goblets had already been sat out in front of each
wolf, already filled with wine.

Carefully, I hand Cato his goblet, then turn and reach for Cassius's.

"*Fear not...these are the events that shall follow...*"

I blink, and I notice Cassius staring at me, raising an eyebrow.

I hold out the goblet, and my fingers twitch, but I keep a stubborn grip.

I shake my head and push the goblet into his paw.

I'm about to grab Virginia's, but Alex has already finished her plate and
hands her her goblet as well.

For a while, the wolves eat and drink in silence.

At least Virginia and Cassius do.

I notice Cato not touching his food at all, simply watching the rest of us.

Cassius lets out a loud cough.

Alex sets a paw on his leg in concern.

CASSIUS
  "Sorry, something in my throat."

He takes another drink of his wine.

"*Keep your mind and heart open, great ape...You shall receive
guidance...*"

My vision flashes and the tension somehow builds, and I know now that
something terrible is about to happen.

CATO
  "So, Cassius. I hear you have an announcement to make this morning."

The entire room freezes as the wolves stop eating and Alex stops serving.

I sit there on my knees, trying to keep my breathing even, trying to deal
with feeling like I have voices in my head, and with Cato apparently
discovering our plan at the same time.

Cassius finally speaks...or tries to.

CASSIUS
  "I—"

He coughs again, harder this time.

CASSIUS
  "I—"

I notice him starting to shake, and Alex again puts a paw on his leg.

ALEXIOS
  "Cassius...Cassius, what's wrong?"

CATO
  "Yes, what's wrong Cassius? Don't you have a speech to give this morning?
You might have to postpone it if you have a cough."

Cassius suddenly sits up, trembling.

He stares at Cato, wide-eyed, disbelieving, one paw moving to his throat.

ALEXIOS
  "Cassius!"

He turns to Alex, reaching a paw out to him, which the cat catches.

CASSIUS
  "I...I can't...breathe..."

Cassius wheezes looking down into his goblet, then he suddenly spasms
curling over his stomach before another violent spasm takes him and he
arches out onto the bed, screaming.

It's a hideous sound, full of agony.

It's so sudden, I'm left to just stare in shock, still on my knees.

Virginia stands up, moving around her bed to get closer to Cassius.

Meanwhile, Alex screams as well, staring in horror at Cassius.

ALEXIOS
  "Cass! Cass, what is it, what happened!?"

Cassius just writhes under him, even as Alex tries to hold him down.

I notice his mouth foaming, red from the wine, the goblet still held in his
paw before he drops it, spilling it to the bed and floor.

ALEXIOS
  "CASS!"

Alex's voice is filled with despair, probably realizing at the same time I
do that Cassius has been poisoned, that he might be dying.

CATO
  "Oh dear, are you cramping, Cassius? Perhaps you ate too fast?"

The hair rises on the back of my neck as I sense Cato sitting behind me.

He'd found out about our plan.

He'd put a stop to it just like that.

ALEXIOS
  "Cato, this was too far! Was it the wine!?"

I almost don't register what Alex just said, but that's when I feel Cato
get up behind me.

In a few steps, he's standing over Alex and Cassius before he swings a paw
hard into Alex's face.

It sends the small cat flying so far that he's thrown up against the wall.

He crumples there, unmoving.

Virginia ducks when this happens, but bravely moves forward, grabbing
Cassius and turning him over onto his stomach.

For a moment, I think Cato is going to do the same to her, but he seems to
get himself under control.

CATO
  "Was it the wine, then? Well...who served it?"

He looks around inquisitively, even while Virginia sticks her fingers into
Cassius's mouth, shoving them deep until the screaming wolf lets out a
retch.

Cato's eyes settle on me.

CATO
  "What did you put in his drink, simian?"

I stay there on my knees, dumbfounded.

Then, there's a splattering sound as Cassius vomits up his breakfast,
tinged red from the wine.

Virginia stubbornly continues to gag him, forcing out every little bit that
she can.

CATO
  "Well...I suppose we'll have to investigate, won't we?"

VIRGINIA
  "COM! Send a medical ship from Adastra City! Tell them the emperor has
been poisoned!"

COMPUTER
  "Yes, Virginia."

Cato looks down at me, then before I can move, he reaches out and grabs up
my arm.

I've felt the power of a wolf before, main one being Amicus, of course, but
this is different.

It's like he's made of stone.

Cato starts pulling me toward the door and every step feels like my arm is
about to be yanked out of its socket.

As Cato marches out into the hallway, I grasp at his arm with my other
hand, trying to relieve the pressure somehow.

The wolf stares straight ahead, ignoring me even as I try to pull away.

MARCO
  "I can...walk."

I grit my teeth, my hand already numb.

I look left and right, trying to figure out how I might get away.

There's no chance for that though, as I realize we've reached Amicus's
room.

Suddenly, I find myself on the floor as the wolf throws me violently into
the room.

CATO
  "I suggest you stay there; you have no means of escape anyway. I'll be
back to...discuss things with you."

There's some strange humor in his voice with that last part, and before I
can even look back, the door shuts and I hear another sound...

...a click.

I sit in Amicus's room in stunned silence for a long, long time.

I still haven't been able to comprehend the series of events that had just
unfolded.

All I can piece together was that Alex, for whatever reason, had tipped
Cato off as to what we were planning.

I suppose the cat hadn't expected Cato to use such drastic measures,
judging by his reaction, but he'd wanted to put a stop to our plans just
the same.

I don't bother myself with trying to figure out Alex's motives anymore
though.

Instead, I'm left to sit here and wonder if there's anything I can possibly
do to get out of this.

I soon find out that the clicking sound was the door locking.

I suppose that means Cato is the acting emperor again, with Cassius either
incapacitated...or even dead.

I ask Com about Cassius's health, but he only tells me that that
information is not available to him.

So I wait, sitting on the couch for hours, wondering if the next time the
door slides open, it will be my death.

I need Amicus.

These thoughts become too much for me and I have to get up to walk around,
trying hard not to hyperventilate.

Maybe Neferu will be able to do something.

He must have heard about what happened by now...unless Cato did something
to him as well.

With a deep breath, I push past the curtain and out onto the balcony.

It's already late afternoon, but that's not what catches my attention.

Instead, it's the smoke rising over the city, the sun shining behind it all
to give it a strange, red glow.

I stare, wondering what possibly could have happened in the short time
between this morning and now.

MARCO
  "Com?"

COMPUTER
  "Yes, Marco?"

MARCO
  "Why is there smoke over Adastra City?"

There's a pause.

COMPUTER
  "Here's what I found; at approximately the eleventh hour, Cato proclaimed
himself emperor of Adastra shortly after Emperor Cassius was poisoned by a
child pet."

COMPUTER
  "Cato then dissolved the Triumvirate and assumed absolute control of the
empire. There are destructive riots in all seven major cities."

MARCO
  "Is Cassius alive?"

COMPUTER
  "That information is not available to me, Marco."

I sigh and stare down at the water, feeling sick.

I wonder how much of this is my fault...at least a little bit, if not all
of it for just being here in the first place.

And now that Cato's framing me, I'm going to die...

My vision blurs with tears before one drops down into the sloshing lake
below me...

...and then I remember.

I deleted my profile from Com's database.

I try to remember what I was told about how exactly it works...something to
do with the AI's security system.

While he might be able to deduce what room I'm in based on my voice, he
should be blind to my exact location.

That would mean leaving the boundaries of the palace shouldn't alert
anything.

Maybe if I...

I experimentally stick an arm over the railing, then a leg, and before I
know it, I'm on the other side of the balcony, the lake sloshing below me.

I think about what I can do.

I could swim for the shore, make a run for Adastra City and maybe find
someone to help me.

Maybe one of those contacts that Neferu and Virginia keep talking about.

I could also just hide somewhere, maybe even on the island until things
settle down a bit.

Running into a city in chaos probably wouldn't be the best move.

But...I already know what I'm going to do.

I'm not going to leave the palace.

I'm going to find a way back in.

I need to get to Amicus.

I need to tell him what happened and...figure out a way to fall back on our
last resort.

My stomach twists at the idea, but I know that we're out of choices now.

With that, I look down at the water and let go.

To be continued...